 [Verse 1]  
Boomin' out in South Gwinnett like Lou Will  
6 man like Lou Will, 2 girls and they get along like I'm...  
Like I'm Lou Will, I just got the new deal  
I am in the Matrix and I just took the blue pill  
No ho shit, no fuckin' ho shit, just save that for your shit  
I don't need no fuckin' body, I run my own shit  
Like Soulja, I thought I told yah, you didn't listen  
Fieri, I'm in the kitchen, I'm a magician  
I'm on it, I'm like Macgyver, I'm Michael Meyers  
I kill careers and cut the lights off, this shit is frightenin'  
I knew it would end up like this, I'm fuckin' psychic  
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift  
  
  
Work the night shift  
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift  
Work, work the night shift  
  
  
Young but I'm gettin' every single motherfuckin' thing  
I'm old, you gotta know  
I'm here to fuck with niggas souls, my heart is cold  
It's prolly cause I'm from the snow, with all my woes  
I know they wanna see me go, I'm on a roll  
I mean I'm back on this again, I'm here again  
You know the truth, this not pretend, I'm not your friend  
Not your guy, I'm not your buddy, show no lovin'  
I might go DeMarcus Cousins out in public  
I mean I'm back on this again, I'm here again  
I didn't do this fuckin' tape for CNN  
I am not tryna win awards, that shit looked forced  
It's nothin' like this  
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift  
  
  
Work the night shift  
Young but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift  
Work, work the night shift  
  
  
If you were worried about where  
I've been or who I saw or  
What club I went to with the homies  
Baby don't worry, you know that you got me  
I'm never worried about where  
I'm at or who I saw or  
What club I went to with the homies  
Baby don't worry, I know that they got me

Feat. Gucci Mane  
  
  
I'm so fucking dumb I wrote You know a lot of girls be  
Thinking my songs are about them  
This is not to get confused  
This ones for you  
  
  
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted  
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it  
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it  
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it  
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up  
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up  
She make me beg for it, till she give it up  
And I say the same thing every single time  
I say,  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You the da best I ever had,  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
I say you da fuckin'  
  
Know you gotta roommate,  
Call me when there's no one there,  
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (yup)  
I be over there, shawty I be over there  
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there  
And you don't even have to ask twice,  
You could have my heart, or we could share it like the last slice  
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life  
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life  
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on  
That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong  
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing drake along  
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home  
And she a patient in my waiting room,  
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume  
And until em' girls prove it, I'm the one that never get confused wit  
  
Cause  
  
  
  
Sex, love, pain, baby I be on that tank shit,  
Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disk  
When my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture  
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister  
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue  
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial  
She call me the referee cause I be so official  
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle  
Like the Andy Griffith theme song,  
And who told you to put them jeans on  
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on  
Feeling for a fix, than you should really get your fiend on  
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot  
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot  
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop  
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot  
  
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted  
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it  
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't ever on it  
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it  
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up  
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up  
She make me beg for it, till she give it up  
And I say the same thing every single time  
I say,  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da best I ever had,  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
I say,  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da fuckin' best  
You da best I ever had,  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
Best I ever had  
  
Uh, ah yea  
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody  
Just make sure they that special somebody  
Young money, yeah yeah  
You know who you are, I got ya

This here is on some truthful shit  
It seems like everything I do, your used to it  
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with  
That's when I gotta hide, what I'm feeling inside  
So you still think I'm confident and damn  
Is this gonna last? Your up on a pedastool  
Are we moving too fast?  
Feel like I'm in crazy competition with the past  
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?  
  
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new  
Is anything I'm doing brand new?  
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new  
  
This here is something personal  
Highly doubt this feeling is reversible  
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know  
That you attempt to hide, and put mistakes aside  
So I don?t ever question you and damn  
I can't even find, the perfect brush  
So I can paint what's going through my mind  
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind  
That's why I gotta ask, is anything I'm doing brand new?  
  
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new  
Is anything I'm doing brand new?  
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new  
Brand new girl  
  
Is anything I'm doing brand new  
Is everything I'm doing too late  
  
Did he take off your clothes off just like this  
Did he give you loving just like this  
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very first date  
Tell me baby am I too late?

  
Word on road, it's the clique about to blow  
You ain't gotta run and tell nobody they already know  
We've been living on a high, they've been talking on a low  
But it's cool, know you heard it all before  
  
  
That's why I asked you are you me, are you me  
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)  
That's why I asked you are you me, are you me  
Thought you knew about the team, (ay)  
  
  
Are you me, are you me, what you know about the team  
Man these niggas got to stop it they be crowding up the scene  
Baby girl you need to stop it all that pride and self esteem  
Got you angry about this girl I'm with in all them magazines  
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera  
Only on camera, only on camera  
It look like we in love, but only on camera  
Only on camera, only on camera  
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies  
You know I could be your knight in shining armor all tires  
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me  
Before I'm on the next thing, ymcmb (ah)  
  
  
  
  
Are you me, are you me, what you know about the team  
You just know what you get told girl I see behind the scene  
She spilled whiskey on her shirt, she gonna have to get it cleaned  
She been going way to hard, someone has to intervene  
Baby she look like a star, but only on camera  
Only on camera, only on camera  
It might look like I care, but only on camera  
Only on camera, only on camera  
Don't listen to the lies, I swear they all lies  
You know I could be your knight in shining armor all ties  
Girl they love me like I'm Prince, new kid with the crown  
Bunch of underground kings, thought you knew how we get down (ah)  
  
  
Are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team (ay)  
Are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team (ay)

We had the type of nights where morning comes too soon  
And nothing was the same  
  
Watch me, going out of the way  
When I should've went home  
Only time of the day I get to spend on my own  
I was trippin' off how I used to sleep at ya crib,  
Should drive by right where you live, and pick you up on the way  
We ain't spoke in so long, probably put me in the past  
I can still get you wet and I can still make you laugh  
You should call into work if that ain't too much to ask  
I could pour you up a drink and we can burn something  
  
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
So get your ass in that car and come thru  
  
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
So get your ass in that car and come thru  
  
Last night I brought DOA to the studio  
They already had a stage and a booty pole  
Its supposed to be a lot of hard working going on  
But who the fuck can focus with this twerkin' going on  
Someone put a order in for a chicken (For a chicken)  
Told my girl to order in, I need the kitchen (Need the kitchen)  
Yeah they know I got the hook-up, they just wait on me to cook up  
Baby I heat up the stove, you do the dishes ya know?  
Rap game, Crack game, ain't that different ya know?  
Last album had it booming something vicious ya know?  
And ya know I need ya back in my life  
Girl ya know ya got that, know ya got that thing that I like  
Girl you got that thing for real  
When I was on a mission to make it  
Who used to sleep on the floor with you when you lived in the basement?  
Who else got all the things you need at 4am when it's late?  
I always pour you up a drink and let you burn something  
  
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
So get your ass in that car and come thru  
  
Come thru, come thru, come thru, come thru  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
Girl you know we got thangs to do  
So get your ass in that car and come thru  
  
Why has it been so long? Why has it been so long?  
Why has it been? (Why has it been so long?) Why has it been?  
Who you been crying to? (Why has it been so long?) Who you been flying to?  
Who's bed are you sleeping in? (Why has it been so long?) Someone's been
hiding you  
 Where have you been?  
 You deserve rounds tonight, come thru girl you
deserve rounds tonight  
 Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight  
 Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight  
 Rounds tonight oh, come thru girl you deserve
rounds tonight  
 Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight  
 Come thru girl you deserve rounds tonight

  
Cause I, ooooh  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
  
I can tell you something  
But you tell me do you wanna talk about, talk about  
You say you got a lot on your mind, sit down lets talk about it (talk about)  
I hate to see you feel this way  
So tell me what can I do to make it better for you  
Make it better for you babe, hey...  
  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
  
  
Really tell me what I gotta do to get you to talk about (talk about)  
Cause it's been getting a little too long for you not to talk about  
So tell me what you would like me to do, to help you, help me, help you  
Cause I don't really want to tell you without you  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
Tell me why...  
  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
  
  
Went from my nigga serving it by the tele  
To venues in Manchester just swerving with Balotelli  
The fuck are you trying to tell me?  
Bothers me when you got to play therapist  
That shit's embarrassin'  
They even bring up these niggas make the comparison  
They just got to forgive me, this watch is a 150  
Still ain't got the time for a bitch to be acting iffy  
Running through the city with niggas I'd give a kidney  
Selling under 150 you niggas gotta be kidding  
Is this even still a discussion?  
Don't you ever wake up disgusted?  
Every million I gain an enemy or a cousin  
And people's feelings have changed ever since I became somethin'  
Girls that becoming ladies  
And my friends are having babies  
And babies are dropping dead in my city  
This shit is crazy  
And I don't know if speaking on it helps  
This the shit that's on my mind I just keep it to myself  
You know  
  
Can't you talk to me  
Lets talk about it, talk about it  
Tell me what you need  
Just tell me baby, tell me baby  
  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeaaaah  
  
  
Came too far to give up  
Gotta try, cause I can't do it on my own  
Can't you talk to me  
Tell me what you need  
Can't you talk to me  
Tell me what you need

Somewhere between psychotic and iconic  
Somewhere between I want it and I got it  
Somewhere between I'm sober and I'm lifted  
Somewhere between a mistress and commitment  
But I stay down, girl I always stay down  
Get down, have her lay down  
Promise to break everybody off before I break down  
Everyone just wait now  
So much on my plate now  
People I believed in they don't even show they face now  
What they got to say now?  
Nothin' they can say now  
Nothin' really changed but still they look at me a way now  
What more can I say now?  
What more can I say now?  
You might feel like nothin' was the same  
  
I still been drinkin' on the low  
Mobbin' on the low  
Fuckin' on the low  
Smokin' on the low  
I still been plottin' on the low  
Schemin' on the low  
The furthest thing from perfect  
Like everyone I know  
  
I just been drinkin' on the low  
Mobbin' on the low  
Fuckin' on the low  
Smokin' on the low  
I just been plottin' on the low  
Schemin' on the low  
The furthest thing from perfect  
Like everyone I know  
  
And I hate that you don't think I belong to ya  
Just too busy runnin' shit to run home to ya  
You know that paper my passion  
Bittersweet celebrations, I know I can't change what happened  
I can't help it  
I can't help it  
I was young and I was selfish  
I made every woman feel like she was mine and no one else's  
And now you hate me  
Stop pretendin', stop that frontin'  
I can't take it  
Girl don't treat me like a stranger  
Girl you know I seen ya naked  
Girl you know that I remember, don't be a pretender  
Gettin' high at the condo, that's when it all comes together  
You know I stay remniscin'  
And makeup sex is tradition  
But you been missin' girl  
And you might feel like nothin' was the same  
  
I still been drinkin' on the low  
Mobbin' on the low  
Fuckin' on the low  
Smokin' on the low  
I still been plottin' on the low  
Schemin' on the low  
The furthest thing from perfect  
Like everyone I know  
  
I just been drinkin' on the low  
Mobbin' on the low  
Fuckin' on the low  
Smokin' on the low  
I just been plottin' on the low  
Schemin' on the low  
The furthest thing from perfect  
Like everyone I know  
  
Drinkin', smokin', fuckin', plottin'  
Schemin', plottin', schemin', gettin' money  
Drinkin', fuckin', smokin', plottin', schemin'  
Plottin', schemin', getting money  
  
This the life for me  
My mama told me this was right for me  
I got em worried, like make sure you save a slice for me  
I should have Spoons, serve you up with a fork and knife for me  
Your actions make us doubt you  
Your lack of effort got me rapping different  
This the shit I wanna go out to  
Play this shit at my funeral if they catch me slippin'  
Naked women swimming that's just how I'm living  
Donate a million to some children, that's just how I'm feeling  
A nigga filling up arenas, who the fuck can see us  
I had to Derrick Rose the knee up before I got the re-up  
Yours truly the boy  
I just build and build more  
Y'all niggas build and destroy  
You niggas party too much, man I just chill and record  
No filler, you feel it now if you ain't feel it before  
Yes Lord, this the shit I wanna go out to, yeah  
This the shit I wanna go out to

I might be too strung out on compliments  
Overdosed on confidence  
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence  
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments  
Faded way too long I'm floating in and out of consciousness  
And they sayin' I'm back, I'd agree with that  
I just take my time with all this shit, I still believe in that  
I had someone tell me I fell off, oh I needed that  
And they wanna see me pick back up, well where'd I leave it at  
I know I exaggerated things, now I got it like that  
Tuck my napkin in my shirt, cause I'm just mobbin' like that  
You know good and well that you don't want a problem like that  
You gone make someone around me catch a body like that  
No, don't do it, please don't do it, cause one of us goes in  
And we all go through it  
Drizzy got the money, so Drizzy gonna pay it  
Those my brothers, I ain't even gotta say it  
That's just something they know  
  
  
They know, they know, they know  
They know, they know, they know  
They know, they know, they know  
Yeah they know yeah  
That the real is on the rise  
Fuck them other guys  
I even gave them a chance to decide  
Now it's something they know  
They know, they know, they know  
  
Yeah, I be yelling out money over everything, money on my mind  
Then she wanna ask when it got so empty  
Tell her I apologize it happened over time  
She says they missed the old Drake, girl don't tempt me  
If they don't get it, they'll be over you  
That new shit that you got is overdue  
You better do what you suppose to do  
I'm like why I gotta be all that but still I can't deny the fact that it's
true  
Listen to you expressing all them feelings  
Soap opera rappers all these niggas sound like all my children  
And that's who you thinking is 'bout to come and make a killing  
I guess it really is just me, myself and all my millions  
You know the game even got it like that  
You gone hype me up and make me catch a body like that  
Cause I live for this it isn't just a hobby like that  
When they get my shit and play it, I ain't even gotta say it, they know  
  
  
  
I be yelling out money over everything, money on my mind (mind, mind, mind)  
Tell em' I apologize it happened over time (time, time, time)  
  
I got my eyes on you  
You're everything that I see  
I want your hot love, emotion endlessly  
I can't get over you, left your mark on me  
I want your hot love, emotion endlessly  
Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
You act so different around me  
Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
I know exactly who you could be  
Just hold on, we're goin' home  
Just hold on, we're goin' home  
It's hard to do these things alone  
Just hold on, we're goin' home, home  
  
What's up  
Been a minute since we kicked it  
You been caught up  
With these chicks and I don't get it, you're a star love  
You shouldn't have to deal with that  
I never make you feel like that  
Cause I love me, I love me enough for the both of us  
That's why you trust me  
You been through more than most of us  
So what are you, what are you, what are you so afraid of?  
Darlin' you, you give but you cannot take love.  
  
I needed to hear that, I hate when you're submissive  
Passive aggressive when we're texting, I feel the distance  
I look around the peers that surround me, these boys are trippin'  
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different  
Started realizin' a couple places I could take it  
I want to get back to when I was that kid in the basement  
I want to take it deeper than money, vacation  
And influence a generation that's lackin' in patience  
I've been dealin' with my dad, speakin' of lack of patience  
Just me and my old man gettin' back to basics  
We've been talkin' 'bout the future and time that we wasted  
When he put that bottle down, girl that man is amazin'  
Well, we had a couple Coronas  
We might have rolled a white paper, just somethin' to hold us  
We even talked about you in our couple of moments  
He said we should hash it out like a couple of grown ups  
You a flower child, beautiful child, I'm in your zone  
Lookin' like you came from the 70's on your own  
My mother is 66 and her favorite line to hit me with is  
Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone?  
You don't even know what you want from love anymore  
I search for somethin' I'm missin', it disappear when I'm bored  
But girl, what qualities was I lookin' for before?  
Who you settlin' for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?  
  
I love me, I love me enough for the both of us  
  
So what are you, what are you, what are you so afraid of?  
  
What are you so afraid of?  
  
Darlin' you, you give but you cannot take love.  
  
Turn on to commercial break love  
So that we can make love

  
All my exes live in texas like I'm george strait  
Or they go to georgia state where-  
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in atlanta  
That she only see when she feels obligated  
Admitted it to me the first time we dated  
But she was no angel, and we never waited  
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck  
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it  
And we never talk too much after I blew up  
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'  
And I think I text her and told her I made it  
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it  
And that's when I text her and told her I love it  
And right after texting, told her I'm faded  
She asked  
What have I learned since getting richer  
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures  
I learned hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture  
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya  
Damn, is it the fall  
Time for me to revisit the past  
It's women to call  
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved  
There's stories to tell, we been through it all  
Interviews are like confessions  
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions  
  
  
  
Do you love this shit?  
Are you high right now?  
Do you ever get nervous?  
Are you single?  
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?  
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?  
And I say  
  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Fuckin' right, all right  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Fuckin' right, all right  
  
  
So much for being optimistic  
They say love is in the air, so I  
Hold my breath until my face turn purple  
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle  
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew  
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you  
I flew jet, she flew commercial  
But we still met, later that night  
After my session, she came over  
I was aggressive, and she was sober  
I gave her pills  
She started confessing and started undressing  
And ask me to hold her  
And so I did, but that was last month  
And now she's texting me, asking for closure  
Damn  
She say this shit gon' catch up to me  
I keep tissue paper  
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table  
She say she hate that she love me  
And she wish I was average  
Shit, sometimes I wish the same  
And I wish she wasn't married  
Promises, I hope I never break 'em  
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but  
Interviews are like confessions  
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like  
  
  
Do you love this shit?  
Are you high right now?  
Do you ever get nervous?  
Are you single?  
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?  
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?  
  
  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Fuckin right, all right  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Damn right, all right  
  
  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Fuckin' right, all right  
 hell yeah  
Hell yeah, hell yeah  
Fuckin' right  
Damn right, all right  
Aw yeah

R.I.P. to the girl you used to see.  
Her days are over. Baby she's over.  
I've decided to give you all of me.  
Baby come closer, baby come closer.  
I'm ready for ya!  
  
Kill 'em all, switch it up.  
Put it on, zip it up.  
Let my perfume, soak into your sweater.  
Say you'll be here soon, sooner the better.  
No option for her, you sayin' no.  
I run this game, just play your role.  
Follow my lead, what you waitin' fo'?  
Thought it over and decided tonight is the night.  
  
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter.  
Got my mind made up. I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I'm in control, but with you bein' the man,  
You don't seem to understand that I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
So keep thinkin' you the man,  
'Cause it's all part of my plan.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
  
Nothin' on, I strut around.  
I do it big, I shut it down.  
I wonder if you'll be able to handle me.  
Mental picture, no cameras please.  
  
Yeah I hear you talkin', don't know who you tryin' to flatter.  
Got my mind made up. I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I'm in control, but with you bein' the man,  
You don't seem to understand that I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
So keep thinkin' you the man,  
'Cause it's all part of my plan.  
I-I-I'm ready for ya.  
  
Uh, red lipstick on the wine glass cameras in my mind,  
Flash, black lingerie, white diamonds, what a contrast,  
I know you get impatient as the time pass  
You say you want it fast... define fast  
'Cause I can speed it up, and make it last  
And I could audition for this, and I could be part of the cast  
And I could produce for your future, I could co-direct your past,  
And make damn sure you never forget it  
Committed  
I'm ready, I'm with it... still here like a statue  
Pink champagne, green ink in your tattoos,  
You say you got baggage, well I'm packed too  
Plus I got a sex pistol, pointed right at you Here we go..  
I'm still fly  
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.  
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga I'm
still doin my thing.  
I'm still fly  
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.  
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.  
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.  
I'm still, I'm still.  
Responsible for everything you listen to my meteocre talent proceeds to try
and condition you.  
Took over my city and I never asked permission to.  
Started poppin bottles 'cause its ATL tradition to celebrate it by hard  
Fuck a nigga so hard.  
If there ain't a elevator in this its a no go.  
Coldest thing droppin is these bitches wanna snowblow.  
And they just gimme head while the haters gimme promoooo!  
And man my dj shoulda won that.  
Well listen and respect mann the city owes us one bag.  
All these old hands keep their minds on one track.  
And me I run Toronto holla at me when you done laps.  
Roll around with nikko, party with a zukka.  
Shot goes out the wonder, shot goes out the future, shot goes out the getty
mutha fucka I am ready.  
And whoever got the torch just can't seem tuh hold it steady 'cause I see the
flame flickerin, ex girls bickerin, got these women jockin me from heartlake
road tuh pickerin.  
I tried tuh send my nigga shorts, I'm certefied in michigan but my connects
said it'll take a minute if yer listenin.  
Please start doin you.  
  
I've been doing me and I'm a staple in my city you can never ruin me.  
Rappers are emotional, critics be reviewin me but I got love for everybody
even if yer suin me.  
My brotha be-rain knows we fuck with the same hoes plus he taught me how tuh
spot an officer in plain clothes.  
Starin at you pussy niggas, all I see is rainbows.  
Hoppin on a jet tuh every lil wayne show.  
Me and lil jazzy please do not harass me just hollar if you got me and fuck
you if you had me.  
Shot goes out tuh brian e, shot out tuh photo will.  
Shout out tuh all our forty men boy you know the deal.  
Shout out tuh mayhem. shout out tuh p plus.  
The names I mention are crucial you gonna need us.  
And life is good, everything is just fine.  
I am so sure of my lines I can sacrifice a line like...  
Nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh.  
Oh yeah I swear I really fuckin does it!  
I had these niggas trippin on luggage.  
I'm still fly  
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.  
I'm still pullin out the phantom and these haters can't stand me nigga in
still doin my thing.  
I'm still fly  
I'm sky high and I dare anybody tuh try and cut my wings.  
I'm still shuttin cities down everytime I come around.  
Nigga I'm still doin my thing.  
I'm still, I'm still.

Bright light, city lights downtown every night,  
Never has to think twice,  
Only does what she likes,  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
  
All right!  
She'll be jumping up and down,  
Trying to fit that ass in.  
Took her half an hour just to get that...  
All she wanna talk about is party and the fashion,  
I don't know where she's going and I do not plan on asking at all  
Cause this baby is free,  
And she lets nobody else in except for me!  
If her basement is locked, then I swear she would agree  
I'm the only one she loves, there's no copy of the key...  
 (x2)  
Bright light, city lights downtown every night,  
Never has to think twice,  
Only does what she likes,  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
  
Don't forget that fendi purse that you put all your cash in,  
Kinda' hard to concentrate when the cameras are flashing.  
All the dudes suffocate her, I don't wanna grasp in,  
Don't know where she's going, and I do not plan on asking at all!  
I've never been the type to... My connection  
With niggaare that wanna fight over women, that's not right,  
There's too many in the world, homie you could...  
But I swear that was my girl, I swear it was my girl!  
 (x2)  
Bright light, city lights downtown every night,  
Never has to think twice,  
Only does what she likes,  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
  
Yeah, she works hard, but she plays even harder,  
All-star weekend and she's been voted my favorite starter.  
... On the back of a jersey, so you won't forget it,  
But she shines bright, blind them light  
So that... Forget it.  
Just one life to live, the kind of life I will...  
And if I don't see her tonight, the rest of my life I will regret it!  
She's not perfect, but she's just perfect to me,  
Like it's a highway, let's ride it, you know in a second with me1  
 (x2)  
Bright light, city lights downtown every night,  
Never has to think twice,  
Only does what she likes,  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!  
What she wants, what she needs,  
She's my independent queen!

Yeh, ah... Ah  
Boy wonder... Drizzy  
Ah... Ah... Uh  
  
Yall aint really like me  
I can understand  
My flow is sitting right inside da pocket on ma pants  
I'm still fly, you can't float  
Run this ship, you same boat  
A write your favorite records, aah, you singin thoses  
20 thousand for a verse, is our routine quote  
I'm getting rich, aah, you staying broke  
Chilling if even if I'm in a goosed down coat  
I cant' see you through the Mosley Tribes  
So I don't even flinch when you throw me hi fives  
They try to measure up, but there's no my size  
Whatever 40 smokin bout to low my eyes  
Beast mode on them, a never take a night off  
Every single thing a nigga purchase is a write off  
Grounded as the one way pavement am taking flight off  
Baby go ahead and cut the lights off  
Cuz It's about to go...  
  
Beat plays  
  
I hear ma phone ringing when they call  
I aint picking up or entertaining them at all  
Got your girl face down and banging on the wall  
While you and all your homeboys hang at Lenox Mall  
Hmmm, hmmm, hmmmmmm  
I cannot relate  
Riding with some tags that a got from out-a-state  
Riding with a swag that a got from out-a-space  
Just show me who's the hottest Ima knock him out his place  
Call me homeside drizzy, about to kill your ego  
I'm about ma green, puffin goody like I'm celo  
You can go and take a glance at your hero  
While the Houston ship a pole dancing zero  
Fantasy to you, reality to me  
And yeah ma g-pass is as valid as can be  
I'm, I'm so fresh, a stylist would agree  
Waving at your girl  
While she's smiling back at me like...

Things have been so crazy and hectic, I should have got her back by now  
But you know how much I wanted to make it, It's probably better anyhow  
So if you gotta go, if there's anything I should know  
If the spotlight makes you nervous  
If you're looking for a purpose  
You put the tea in the kettle and light it  
Put your hand on the metal and feel it  
But do you even feel it anymore?  
I remember when you thought I was joking  
Now I'm off singing karaoke  
Farther than I've ever been  
So if you gotta go, if there's any way I can help  
  
Isn't it ironic that the girl I wanna marry is a wedding planner?  
And tells me that my life is too much and moves to Atlanta? Damn  
Of all the places you could go  
I just thought you'd choose somewhere that has somebody that you know  
I'm always up too late, I worry about you there alone  
And that place you call your home, warm nights and cold Patron  
I hope you don't get known for nothing crazy  
Cause no man ever wants to hear those stories about his lady  
I know they say the first love is the sweetest  
But that first cut is the deepest  
I tried to keep us together, you were busy keeping secrets  
You were telling everybody but me  
Don't be fooled by the money, I'm still just young and unlucky  
I'm surprised you couldn't tell  
  
I was only trying to get ahead  
I was only trying to get ahead  
But the spotlight makes you nervous  
And you're looking for a purpose  
I was only trying to get ahead  
I was only trying to get ahead  
But the spotlight makes you nervous

  
Wallets, wallets, wallets, wallets, wallets  
Y'all sleepin' in the streets  
Shaky warrior  
Yeah, this that Oliver 40, Niko shit man, 15 Fort York shit ya know  
Boi-1da, what's poppin'?  
  
  
Yeah, yeah  
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
Countin' money you know how it goes  
Pray the real live forever man  
Pray the fakes get exposed  
I want that ferrari then I swerve  
I want that bugatti just to hurt  
I ain't rockin' my jewelry that's on purpose  
Niggas want my spot and don't deserve it  
I don't like how serious they take themselves  
I've always been me I guess I know myself  
Shakiness man I don't have no time for that  
My city too turnt up I'll take the fine for that  
This been where you find me at  
That's been where you find me at  
I know a nigga named Johnny Bling  
He put me on to the finer things  
Had a job sellin' Girbraud jeans  
I had a yellow TechnoMarine  
Then Kanye dropped, it was polos and backpacks  
That's when Ethan was pushin' a Subaru hatchback  
Man I'm talkin' way before hashtags  
  
  
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
Yeah! I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
  
  
Don't fuck with them niggas they too irrational  
This is that nasty flow  
Top boy in this shit, I'm so international  
Reps up in here got P Reign and Chubby and TJ and Winnie  
Yeah, and you know how that shit go  
I might declare it a holiday as soon as Baka get back on the road  
Yeah but you know how that shit go  
They so irrational, they don't wanna patch it up  
They wanna mash it up, woah  
My nigga [?] he whip it I ride in the passenger  
I'm way up, I stay up, I'm two up, I'm three up  
I had to get back to you, woah  
I'm turnin' into a nigga that thinks about money and women  
Like twenty four seven, that's where my life took me  
That's just how shit happened to go  
  
  
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
Yeah! I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
You know how that shit go  
  
  
She know it, it a no big  
Always haffi look out an ya know if yuh head buk out  
Dun know, a de unruly boss, dis man  
No bomboclat, otha  
And if a boy like  
OVO crew my nigga can just suck ya motha  
With no apology, I cannot [?]  
Yeah girl I say we cute, if they dis we get execute  
That's the truth, OVO unruly  
  
  
  
With my woes

I've been up for four days  
Getting money both ways  
Dirty and clean, I could use a glass of cold spades  
Rolexes, chauffeurs and low fades  
I keep thinking how young you can die from old age  
They always tell me nobody's working as hard as you  
And even though I laugh it off, man, it's probably true  
Cause while all of my closest friends out partying  
I'm just here making all the music that they party to  
But party on, party on, all night nigga  
I got these new rappers nervous prom night nigga  
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars  
Storytellers, they ain't even need a campfire  
Uh, but I just wanna tell the truth  
Before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot  
This shit feel like when Fredro Starr was at Sunset Park  
Stuntin' hard in his yellow Goose  
Yeah, but I'm a ma'fuckin' missed target  
But a target nonetheless and I just started  
Was that directed at moi? Can't be  
They must be talking to themselves hoe, hands free  
Yeah, and I'm just filling up this daily planner  
Gettin' busy 'cause I'm a star, no spangled banner  
Jealous dudes get to talkin' in they music  
And I just say I wrote it for your girlfriends, Kelsey Grammar  
Yeah, that's what life becomes when you're doing you  
Welcome to Hollywood, don't let this town ruin you,  
And if you pillow talking with the women that are screwin' you  
Just know that she gon' tell another nigga when she through wit' you  
Don't get impatient when it takes too long  
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong  
Yeah, I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me  
Promise to always give you me, the real me  
  
Who would have thought  
I'd be caught in this life?  
Let's celebrate with a toast  
And get lost in tonight  
And make it all light up  
(Hey, Guru, tell home girl to go to open that Ace right there),  
Wait until the sun goes down  
We gon' make this bitch light up  
Even when the sun goes down  
I'm gon' make this go  
  
Ow, hoes turn they heads like, owls  
I'm the man of the hour  
Triple entendre, don't even ask me how  
Con Edison flow, I'm connected to a higher power  
Bright life'd make your whole city light up  
A trillion-watt light bulb, when I'm in the nightclub  
I just landed in that G450  
Caught the Mayweather fight, 'cause the satellite was crispy  
 Y'all can miss me with that money talk  
The smart money's on Hov, fuck what the dummies talk  
I don't do too much blogging  
I just run the town, I don't do too much joggin'  
 I ain't got a scar yet  
'Cause you fuckin' around with me and my dogs is far-fetched  
Drake, here is how they gon' come at you  
Will silly raps feuds tryin' to distract you  
In disguise, in the form of a favor  
The Barzini me, watch for the traitors  
 I done seen it all, done it all  
That's why none of these dumb-dumb could dun him off  
The summer's ours, the winter too  
Top down in the winter, that's what winners do  
And to these niggas I'm like Windows 7  
You let 'em tell it, they swear that they invented you  
And since no good deed go unpunished  
I'm not as cool with niggas as I once was  
I once was, cool as The Fonz was  
But these bright lights turned me to a monster  
Sorry, mama, I promised it wouldn't change me  
But I would've went insane had I remained the same me  
Fuck niggas, bitches too  
All I got is this money, this'll do  
  
Who would have thought  
I'd be caught in this life?  
Let's celebrate with a toast  
And get lost in tonight  
And make it all light up  
Wait until the sun goes down  
We gon' make this bitch light up  
Wait until the sun goes down  
I'm gon' make this go

I like a woman with a future and a past  
A little attitude problem all good, it'll make the shit last  
Don't make it too easy, girl, don't take it too fast  
Yeah, that's it right there, that's it, do it just like that  
Only you can do it just like that  
And I love it when your hair still wet 'cause you just took a shower  
Runnin' on a treadmill and only eating salad  
Sound so smart like you graduated college  
Like you went to Yale but you probably went to Howard  
Knowin' you, weekend in Miami trying to study by the pool  
Couple things due but you always get it done  
Might have been a time when I loved her too  
But you take that away and you'll always be the one  
One, I wonder why the moon look nice, girl  
Maybe it's just right for the night  
You said niggas coming on too strong, girl  
They want you in their life as a wife  
That's why you want to have no sex, why you want to protest  
Why you want to fight for your right  
'Cause you don't love them boys  
Pussy run everything, fuck that noise  
  
  
I know things get hard, but girl, you got it, girl, you got it, there you go  
Can't you tell by how they looking at you everywhere you go?  
Wondering what's on your mind, it must be hard to be that fine  
When all these muthafuckas wanna waste your time  
It's just amazing, girl, and all I can say is  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back  
That's why you're bad as fuck and you  
  
B-b-b-b-bet I am  
All of them bitches I'm badder than  
Mansions in Malibu, Babylon  
But I never mention everything I dabble in  
And I always ride slow when I'm straddlin'  
And my shit's so wet you gotta paddle in  
Gotta r-r-row, gotta row ya boat  
It's Pink Friday Records and OVO  
Done did the pop tour, I'm the realest still  
The best legal team so the deals is ill  
It's MAC, OPI, and a fragrance too  
Apparel, I'm dominating every avenue  
Cobblestone, good view, little gravel too  
Gotta pay for the entourage travel too  
'Cause I'm fl-fl-fly I'm flying high  
Ain't got time to talk, just hi and bye, bitch  
  
But baby, if you ask me to take a break  
I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say  
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away  
  
He asked my sign, I said a Sag'  
I'm a star, sheriff badge  
What's the point if I'm guarding?  
Double D up, hoes, Dolly Parton  
  
  
  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you  
Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back  
That's why you're bad as fuck and you know you are

I forgot about you last night  
For the first time in a long time I Didddd  
I was caught up in these drinks they keep on makin  
In amazin conversation with this girl named lorraine  
Who says she's from L. A.  
Who keeps makin me laugh and even asks if she can pay  
Ooohhhh  
She could be good for me (yeahhh)  
This what you text me  
Tell me that you miss me  
I forget about Lorraine  
And in fact she's right here with me  
And she's starin at my face  
Something that could change  
Thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)  
  
I hate gettin messages from youuuu (fromm youuu)  
It's like you know the perfect shit to say  
Thought that all these feelings went away  
  
I forgot about you last night  
For the first time in a long time I Didddd  
I was caught up in these drinks they keep on makin  
In amazin conversation with this girl named lorraine  
Who says she's from L. A.  
Who keeps makin me laugh and even asks if she can pay  
Ooohhhh  
She could be good for me (yeahhh)  
This what you text me  
Tell me that you miss me  
I forget about Lorraine  
And in fact she's right here with me  
And she's starin at my face  
Something that could change  
Thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)  
  
I hate gettin messages from youuuu (fromm youuu)  
It's like you know the perfect shit to say  
Something that could change  
Thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)  
  
I hate gettin messages from youuuu (fromm youuu)  
Especially when you say you should've stayed  
Something that could change  
Thought that all these feelings went away (yeahh)  
  
I hate the shit you do  
I hate the shit you do  
I hate the shit you do  
I hate the shit you do  
I hate the shit you do  
But I still text you back

  
Yeah, that's about it  
This shit sound like what being rich feel like  
Fo real  
This life shit, is everywhere you can't control it  
Too much going on  
Too much, too much, too much, too much  
Too much, too much  
You, you, you  
Make me wanna take ya down through there  
Make me wanna take ya down through there  
I'll take it down  
  
  
Why you never come to where I stay?  
Always hiding out in your New York condo  
Why you never come to where I stay?  
If anybody knows, girl you know, I know  
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?  
Why are we rushing and forcing it? This isn't making sense  
Why are we focused on things that don't even mean nothing, girl?  
Why can we not find the time and sit down and discuss it, girl?  
Let me at least tell you my side of things, man  
Aw man, aw man  
Aw, man  
  
  
Me and you are playing house, start think that I'm losing touch  
Got a tight grip on ya now, maybe I should loosen up  
When I leave you and I go home, I start forgetting what it is  
Start to think I got to get it how I live  
We too busy for a wedding or a kid  
If I'm working then I know you working  
Keep in touch with other women, cause you make me nervous  
I empower girls that don't deserve it  
I don't mean to do that shit on purpose  
It's just that when I go home, I start forgetting what it is  
The dream is over, I get lost up in the 6  
  
  
You don't ever come to where I stay  
You just rather stay up in your New York condo  
You don't ever come to where I stay  
If anybody knows, girl you know, I know  
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?  
You know how sticky these situation get  
You go up higher than me some days  
You know what I think we could be some day  
Let me at least show you my side of things, man  
Aw man, aw man  
Aw man

  
Envelopes coming in the mail, let her open em'  
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'  
Yeah, she invite me to the telly  
Keep the blade with me when I go to check a bitch, ain't no' tellin  
Yeah, police comin' round' lookin' for some help on a case they gotta solve,
we never help em'  
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' bout' my life  
Wanna lie but I get it all, ain't no tellin'  
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'  
Yeah, no tellin'  
Ain't no tellin'  
  
  
Suitcase, I been living outta' suitcase  
Still drinkin' Henny, if it's done, I'll take the D'usse  
Oops, aye, fuck it, all you niggas two-faced  
Got the club going up on a Tuesday  
True say, I been going hard but then again  
They think I'm soft, think I'm innocent  
I'm just lookin' in the mirror like I'm really him  
Man, I'm really him, you just fillin' in, man  
I gotta blunt, can I get a light?  
Yeah, I took the summer off to get it right  
Yeah, I gave these boys a shot and they fuckin' failed  
Niggas like [Hook: Drake]  
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich (dumb rich)  
This sound like some forty-three-oh-one shit (one shit)  
All my niggas wanna do is pop style (pop style)  
Turn my birthday into a lifestyle (lifestyle)  
  
  
Tell my mom I love her if I do not make it (do not make it)  
Got so many chains they call me Chaining Tatum  
(They do, they do)  
And I like to finish what you think you started  
Man you boys just got to Hollywood, you boys just started  
You don't know what you just started  
All I do is hang with the young and heartless  
All this for my family, man, I try my hardest  
It's all I ever did and look where it got him  
Yeah, you've been on my mind lately  
You've still got my number, girl you need to call me  
I feel like they wanna see me learn the hard way  
But you know I always handle that one my way  
Girl let me rock, rock, rock, rock, rock your body  
Justin Timberlake and then I hit the highway  
I can't trust no fuckin' body  
They still out to get me cause they never got me  
  
  
They still out to get me, I don't get it  
I can not be got, and that's a given  
Give a real nigga the number one  
Even though I got like twenty-one  
Cannot be me I'm a one-of-one  
Schooling your ass like 101  
They been out here tryna slide on me  
They been out here telling lies on me  
Everybody looking out for themself  
But they still got they eyes on me  
See me putting in the hard work now, aye  
Momma doesn't have to call work now, aye  
I decide when I start work now, aye  
Problems hit the gym, they all work out  
MVP, MVP, oh-nine all the way to sixteen  
Even next season looking like a breeze  
Lot of y'all ain't built for the league, yeah  
Trade you off the team while you in your sleep, yeah  
Y'all showed me that nothing's guaranteed  
And you don't know what you started  
My friend's chain so big that he look like the artist  
I can't trust no fuckin' body  
They still out to get me cause they never got me  
  
  
Dropped outta school now we dumb rich (dumb rich)  
This sound like some forty-three-oh-one shit (one shit)  
All my niggas wanna do is pop style (pop style)  
Turn my birthday into a lifestyle (lifestyle)

  
I'm in Miami  
I need to call up Miss Cassidy  
My name is party not participation  
Sorry for the miscommunication  
I need a drink and some tequila with you  
You know what I'm trying to do  
Hey let's pop the E off at Liv I've got some time here to blow  
I've got the money to blow  
I've got the money and blow  
Don't have to guess how I know  
Oh it's a secret just for me I'll keep it  
You old niggas boring as bones  
Put the party tape on  
You know what's going on  
You know what's going on  
She keep it wet like tsunami  
She think she sunk the Titanic  
I get her hot like Wasabi  
She think it's wavy and gnarly  
I think I'ma pop one for you  
Drink one for you  
  
  
Young nigga preach  
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach (X3)  
Preach (x9)  
  
  
Still in Miami  
Most of these girls are too messy  
I've got to do some reflecting  
I've got to find me one out here that is good at taking direction  
I'm convinced that my calls are being recorded  
So hit my assistant to get me the message  
And make the connection like brrrrr  
I'm on my way tonight I hope you not the crazy type yeah  
I'm in your state tonight I might just break the bank tonight  
PND ain't with the ray tay tay  
You know Jay Ray  
Got girls her going way way way way way way  
Sauga city trip the pay day  
Load up off a gate way  
Man you can't afford me  
Doing is one thing, doing it right is a whole different story  
Niggas is all in their feelings these days, all in their feelings these days  
But hearing the scripture with that many sixes you should be afraid  
  


  
  
[Echo-Trey Songz]  
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement  
  
[Verse 1-Drake]  
Lat me show what it is  
I was born up top but was raised at the bottom of the map  
Where the girls all thick and the hottest niggas rap  
If you lookin for the goods then we got in the trap like  
  
Ooo wee  
  
Took 'em from white snakes to  
  
Ooo wee  
  
This metaphore might sound a little confusing but  
  
Yall don't really even know me yeah yeah  
  
I done come all way from the Days Inn and all the hotels that stayed in  
I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good and now I say it's sittin at
amazing'  
Girls tryin sell a whole lobby of us  
Hear em all screamin then it's probably is  
But I can't blame females, females can't really ignore something this obvious  
What you really expect when I strut through town  
Two or three days I shut you down  
Chilin wit the homie Trey Songz  
You call him the prince he rep two up two down  
Anyone I know get used to me  
I'm far from the man that I used to be  
I don't ever really kick game  
I know you find it impressing whenever you introduced to me  
'Cause I'm a good dude who take pride in that  
Need good lovin' I'm providing that  
Understand that I'm worldwide  
You get who you want it wherever you be residing at  
'Cause I do things from the M-town  
To the uk  
From Spain back out to Texas  
This album's for my fans  
But yo this hook is for my exes  
  
[Chorus-Trey Songz]  
This one is for you girl  
You know who you are girl  
You only show you're face  
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl  
What you trying to to make it  
Don't ever mistake it  
'Cause my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you  
You had a chance now It's gone  
Oooooh  
You had a man now you don't  
Back to the basics  
I think I made it  
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl  
  
[Verse 2-Trey Songz]  
Ain't ya never seen a yougin so fly  
Lookin for someone your type  
I done left behind the love of my life  
Tryin to find another one tonight  
And if it's you baby  
Let yourself be seen  
Don matter skirts  
Dresses or jeans  
I got that work  
Know what I mean  
And I'm flexing on my ex if you know what mean  
  
  
  
[Verse 3-Drake]  
Check this out  
From the that she get picked for some take out  
Until they slip up and break out  
But it's another story over here at Drake's house  
'Cause I'm dripped up and I'm drapped out  
And I'm lean back  
Scoping  
Looking for a woman that I should wife  
Who got just the right amount of loyalty  
Yeah but is still anticipating us living the good life  
We go la, va  
Ny, to  
Sunshine in that heat stroke  
And them fur hoods in that deep snow  
We have breakfast in the bedroom  
Break bread downstairs in the basement  
Since Jay and Kelz ain't doing the thing no more  
Guess me and the boy Songz is the replacement  
  
  
  
Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay  
Ay, Ay, Ay  
Let's Go

  
You're my right hand, you're my go to  
Told me everything about you  
That's a bold move  
I know that you're out here  
And there's things you gotta go through  
Just know that these streets just don't love you like I do  
And they never will  
  
  
But I swear you gotta chill  
You wanna grip Benz wheel  
And I know you can't wait  
You dream big and sleep late  
You got a lot on your plate  
That's why you're always working out  
Taking pictures of yourself  
You don't see anybody else  
You're like oh well  
You're like fuck it oh well  
My past behind me like a pony tail  
  
  
But you're my right hand, you're my go to  
Told me everything about you  
That's a bold move  
I know that you're out here  
And there's things you gotta go through  
Just know that these streets just don't love you like I do  
And they never will  
  
  
Ok I know you want the Audi  
I know you want to go to Maui  
You and all your girlfriends  
The ones you never bring around me  
Cause you don't trust me like your last man  
Did he open doors for ya?  
Buy the things he can't afford for ya  
Cause he must have did a lot for ya  
I just fell back with it  
And now your past is behind you  
Like the car with the strap in it  
Thank god that's finished  
Cause now it's back to business  
Any more henny and you're past the limit  
You told me about the picture  
Now you have to send it  
I would never put you on blast when I get it  
  
  
You're my right hand, you're my go to  
Told me everything about you  
That's a bold move  
I know that you're out here  
And there's things you gotta go through  
Just know that these streets just don't love you like I do  
And they never will

Hey there material girl  
The neighbors told me that you're moving out  
Leaving to witness the world  
But are you sure that's what you're doing now  
  
Are you running away for a purpose  
Do you even know what your self worth is  
The past what you carry in your purses  
The gift in the curse when you going head first is  
The atl, mia, lax, jfk  
Luggage all packed and to them I say  
Farewell to the pure, amen I pray  
  
You wander the world  
You seek what you've lost  
You're waking up every day  
The run away, run away girl  
I turn and your gone  
You're leaving to chase your fame  
The run away, the run away girl  
  
So long  
Farewell  
Good bye  
Good day  
Be on  
Your way  
Run away girl  
  
  
Watching it all through the window  
And wishing you could make is shatter now  
Now that you're here on the other side  
Are you sure it even matters  
  
Are you living the dream  
Are you telling all your girls that it ain't what it seems  
Do you strip do you model do you live in between  
And look for the split second that you get on the screen like  
  
You wander the world  
You seek what you lost  
You're waking up every day  
To run away, run away girl  
I turn and you're gone  
You're leaving to chase your fame  
You run away, run away girl  
  
So long  
Farewell  
Good bye  
Good day  
Be on your way  
Run away girl  


Why do I feel so alone?  
Like everybody passing through the studio  
Is in character as if we acting out a movie role  
Talking bullshit as if it was for you to know  
And I don't have the heart to give these  
Bitch ass niggas the cue to go  
So they stick around kicking out feedback  
And I entertain it as if I need that  
I had a talk with my uncle and he agreed that  
My privacy about the only thing I need back but  
It's hard to think of them polite flows  
Mr. Fano Poloto suits are your night clothes  
And Jordan sweat suits are your flight clothes  
And you still make it even when they say your flight closed  
Eyes hurting from the camera phone light shows  
Life was so full  
Now this shit just being lipo'd  
Always said I'd say it all on the right track  
But in this game you only lose when you fight back  
Black diamond bracelets  
Showing you the basics  
I can't live and hold the camara  
Someone gotta tape this  
I make hits unlike a bitch  
That's married I ain't miss  
24 hours from greatness  
I'm that close  
Don't ever forget the moment  
You began to doubt  
Transitioning from fitting in to standing out  
Los Angeles Cabanas or Atlanta South  
Watchin' whole show  
Embarrassed to pull my camera out  
And my mother embarrassed  
To pull my Phantom out  
So I park about 5 houses down  
She say I shouldn't have it until I have the crown  
But I don't wanna feel the need to wear disguises around  
So she wonder where my mind is accounts in the minus  
But yet I'm rolling round the fuckin' city like your highness  
Got niggas reactin' without a sinus  
'Cause what I'm working with is timeless  
And promoters try to get me out to they club  
They say I have fun but I can't imagine how  
'Cause I just seen my ex-girl  
Standing with my next girl  
Standing with the girl that I'm fuckin' right now  
And shit could get weird unless they all down  
And so I stay clear  
  
We from a small town  
Everybody talks and everybody listen  
But somehow the truth just always comes up missing  
I've always been something that these labels can't buy  
Especially if they tryin' to take a peice of my soul  
And Sylvia be tellin' Tez [Intro]  
Doin' well dog  
Yeah, me and all my  
Yeah, me  
Yeah  
  
  
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well, dog  
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell, dog  
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself, dog  
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still here, dog  
  
  
How did I finesse all of this shit from Jane and Weston  
Girls all in my bed and they don't trip off first impressions  
Girls all in your bed and they just ask a hundred questions  
I can't fuck with you no more cause you be actin' extra  
Do your favorite rapper like my son, like my son, tho  
Nothing mutual about my funds, bout my funds, tho  
All you niggas fightin' over crumbs, where the bread at  
How they feel about you, where you're from, where your bed at  
I don't need no pill to speak my mind, I don't need that  
I make people pay me for my time, yeah I need that  
And I see your girl like all the time, all the time, tho  
I can't tell you if she's yours or mine, but I do know  
  
  
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well, dog  
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell, dog  
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself, dog  
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still here, dog  
  
  
Oh, and I'm back, dog  
Oh, you just went and turned your back, dog  
I thought that we were family  
You showed me that we can't be  
I gotta talk to God even though he isn't near me  
Based on what I got it's hard to think that he don't hear me  
Hittin' like that 30 on my jersey man I'm gifted  
Whole lot of sixes, but I'm still like  
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah  
6 point star, Lion of the Judah  
All my niggas ain't off rockin' Gucci  
One do it then we all gotta do it  
Got the key, now the doors open and we all goin' through it  
Whole city at your head for the boy  
I ain't even gotta call no one for it  
  
  
Me and all my niggas doin' well, doin' well, dog  
You not from the city, I could tell, I could tell, dog  
Did it, did it, did it by myself, by myself, dog  
Blew up and I'm in the city still, I'm still -  
  
  
Wow, all praise to the most high up

  
I did it all on my own,  
Turned a chair to a throne,  
I'm a king in this world,  
  
I put my whole city on,  
To some things that they never would've known,  
If I didn't,  
  
And every night is a premiere,  
If I ever disappear,  
Best believe I'm comin' back.  
  
Got rich, went broke, and got rich again,  
On that same shit again,  
All I ever do is,  
  
  
:  
I tell her.  
I'm getting motherfuckin' busy.  
So many spins my records is motherfuckin' dizzy.  
Haters wanna turn to their girl and be like, It's ten o'clock on a wednesday and I know your home  
Driving up and down your street hoping that you come outside  
Cause I just got paid and I went and bought the car you wanted  
And I just need you to see me alone  
Childish as it seems it'll make it all better... Better  
Selfish as it is this just ain't about you no...  
Did me wrong eveytime we were together... Gether  
And that's why...  
  
I'm gonna stunt on you  
I'm gonna stunt on you  
  
You let me go...  
Little did you know...  
I could have made it all on my own...

  
Girl I know you wanna, you know I wanna  
Yeah, she keep giving me looks  
Hotter than the 6 in the summer, that ass, girl I wanna  
  
  
Girl I know you wanna  
You know I wanna  
Yeah, she keep giving me looks  
Yeah, girl I know you wanna  
She's a spice, ride pipe like bike, like Yokohama  
She heard the ting bend like banana  
So she wanna give me the adunana-ne  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
She say I'm a sweeterman  
But she say that she don't need a man  
I say why don't we make an agreement then  
We can just fuck while we're being friends  
  
  
Girl I know you wanna  
You know I wanna  
Girl I know you wanna  
You know I wanna  
  
  
Shawty too fly though, that's all I know  
She don't sing songs, but if I go strong she gon' hit this high note  
She know she working with the nana  
And she wanna give me the adunana-ne  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
She say I'm a sweeterman  
But she say that she don't need a man  
What if we make an agreement then  
We can just fuck while we're being friends  
  
  
Girl I know you wanna  
I know you wanna  
Girl I know you wanna  
I know you want to girl  
  
  
Ride the pipe like a bike, oh  
Do the things you know I like, oh  
I'm the man in my ends, oh  
You're the one, let's not pretend  
  
  
Cause the pussy too good, drink too strong  
Yiy too change, I'm too sprung, I, I, I  
The pussy too good, drink too strong  
Yiy too change, I'm so gone, I, I, I  
  
  
Girl I know you wanna  
I know you wanna  
Girl I know you wanna  
I know you want to girl  
Girl I know you wanna  
I know you want to girl  
Girl I know you wanna, I, I, I  
  
  
She keep giving me looks (o,o,o)  
She keep giving me looks (o,o,o)  
I need you right here beside me  
If you oblige me, I'll hang it up, and I'll never come out of retirement  
You should just sleep on it, you shouldn't doubt me  
It would be different without me  
What is it without me  
Don't go do nothing without me  
This is a blessing, mashallah, wallahi  
I swear my life story's better than stories they telling about me  
They got it twisted  
Ride the pipe like a bike, make sure you're going the distance  
And if he wasn't with it, then why were you with him?  
Maybe you just had to realize  
That knowing the difference can make all the difference  
She wanna ride me that adanunana  
Yeah she keep giving me looks

Know you've been hurt by someone else  
I can tell by the way you carry yourself  
If you let me, here's what I'll do  
I'll take care of you  
I've loved and I've lost  
  
I've asked about you and they've told me things  
But my mind didn't change  
I still the feel the same  
What's a life with no fun, please don't be so ashamed  
I've had mine, you've had yours we both know  
We know, they don't get you like I will  
My only wish is I die real  
Cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal  
And you can't sleep thinking that he lies still  
So you cry still, tears all in the pillow case  
Big girls all get a little taste  
Pushing me away so I give her space  
Dealing with a heart that I didn't break  
I'll be there for you, I will care for you  
I keep thanking you, just don't know  
Trying to run from that, say you're done with that  
On your face girl, it just don't show  
When you're ready, just say you're ready  
When all the baggage just ain't as heavy  
And the parties over, just don't forget me  
We'll change the pace and we'll just go slow  
You won't ever have to worry,  
You won't ever have to hide  
And you seen all my mistakes  
So look me in my eyes  
  
Cause if you let me, here's what I'll do  
I'll take care of you  
I've loved and I've lost  
  
It's my birthday, I get high if I want to  
Can't deny that I want you, but I lie if have to  
Cause you don't say you love me  
To your friends when they ask you  
Even though we both know that you do (you do)  
One time, been in love one time  
You and all your girls in the club one time  
All so convinced that you're following your heart  
Cause your mind don't control what it does sometimes  
We all have our nights though, don't be so ashamed  
I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know  
We know,  
You hate being alone, you ain't the only one  
You hate the fact that you bought the dream  
And they sold you one  
You love your friends but somebody shoulda told you somin' to save you  
Instead they say  
  
Know you've been hurt by someone else  
I can tell by the way you carry yourself  
If you let me, here's what I'll do  
I'll take care of you  
I've loved and I've lost

I don't know why they been lying but yo shit is not that inspiring  
Bank account statements just look like I'm ready for early retirement  
Fuck any nigga that's talkin' that shit just to get a reaction  
Fuck going platinum, I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum  
I am the kid with the motor mouth  
I am the one that you should worry about  
I don't know who you're referring to, who is this nigga you heard about?  
Someone just talking that bullshit, someone just gave you the run-around  
Niggas downplaying the money but that's what you do when the money down  
I don't waste time putting money down  
I just go straight to who got it and buy it in cash  
Pussy so good that you gotta come see me on tour and you gotta fly in first
class  
This has been years in the making, it's all for the city  
You know I come right every summer, Cash Money Records forever  
I'm always big timing, bitch, I came up right under Stunna, you know it  
  
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell  
I will never understand that but oh well  
Been ready, it's real, I don't know about you  
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said Yesterday when we were getting high, you were invited.  
You would've liked it. I-I know you all too well.  
I said that we could kiss the past goodbye,  
But you weren't excited, there's no way to fight it.  
You can stay but shawty here I go  
  
Uh, should I spend the weekend in Vegas?  
I'm living inside a moment, not taking pictures to save it.  
I mean, how could I forget? My memories never faded.  
I can't relate to these haters, my enemies never made it.  
I am, still here with who I started with.  
The game needed life, I put my heart in it.  
I blew myself up, I'm on some martyr shit.  
Carried the weight for my city like a cargo ship.  
Uh. I'm 23, with a money tree.  
Growing more too, I just planted a hundred seeds.  
It's ironic, 'cause my mother was a florist,  
And that's how she met my pops and now my garden is enormous.  
It's happening Penny Lane, just like you said.  
I avoided the Coke game, and went with Sprite instead.  
Uh huh, that's word to the millions that they putting up.  
I'm trying to do better than good enough.  
  
  
What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.  
But people I don't have the time to hang with,  
Always look at me and say the same shit (they say)  
You promised me you would never change.  
You promised me you would never change.  
  
Uh. Am I wrong for making light of my situation? Clap on.  
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on.  
Now that I'm on, I don't really want to worry about getting back on.  
I'm just trying to stay on, get my fucking buffet on.  
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursing home.  
And I be acting like I don't know how to work a phone.  
But hit redial you see that I just called, some chick I met at the mall,  
That I barley know at all and,  
Plus this woman that I messed with unprotected  
Texting saying that she wish she would've kept it.  
The one that I'm laying next to just looked over and read it.  
Man I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is,  
I'm holding on by a thread it's,  
Like I'm high right now, the guy right now,  
And you can tell by looking in my eyes right now.  
That nothing really comes as a surprise right now,  
'cause we just having the time of our lives right now.  
  
  
  
Well all right. Uh. I live by some advices, girl Lisa told me.  
The other day, Lisa told that she missed the old me.  
Which made me question when I went missing.  
And when I start treating my friends different.  
Maybe it was the fast paced switch up.  
Or the two guns in my face during the stick up.  
Maybe cause the girl I thought I trusted was who set the whole shit up.  
Or the fact I haven't seen em since they locked Big Rich up.  
I know. At the same time I'm quick to forget.  
I'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets.  
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm starting it fresh.  
Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed.  
Did I just trade free time for camera time?  
Will I blow all of this money baby, Hammer Time?  
I just need some closure.  
Ain't no turning back for me I'm in till it's over.

  
  
  
(They say we killin' 'em all, all, all, all)  
  
  
Hip-Hop's newest and youngest acquisition,  
If this was you, I wonder what you'd do in that position.  
Try to make a profit or try to make a difference,  
Try to make 'em play your shit or try to make 'em listen.  
I go from records with Dwele and LB and eLZhi,  
The meetings where they tell me to  
Start making records and t hey'll buy,  
Now I'm at in A-Town,  
A tellin' me trey sounds,  
It's too mainstream if I plan on me stickin' a-round.  
But the allure of this year's scream tour  
Has been cuttin' all them jawns that be hurtin' the game.  
I be dreamin' bout hoes and doin' them loud shows,  
Shirtless, that's why I started to personal train.  
Dog, personally maine,  
I'm a person that came to bring purpose  
To a seem unless they purpose is game.  
It never feel like it's earned when you purchase the fame,  
Now my thoughts getting' deeper and I'm searchin' the game,  
I keep on, on, on, on, on  
  
  
 I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all  
 I'm killin' 'em all, all  
I'm killin' 'em all, all  
  
  
Yeah.  
Let me show you how to blast up,  
Now tell me who is a masta.  
A mind never wasted,  
Who grows fasta.  
The young and incredible while lightin' yo ass up,  
You look a lil red, we getting that cash up.  
See where we from,  
The 50s are bloody and the 100-dollar bill  
Is dirty brown they love me.  
I mess up my livin' room, the studio with my money,  
A g-note is purple, grape juice stains on the front piece of,  
My lapel, is custom-made,  
You off the rack shit,  
I'm off the chain, come on.  
The dogs are loose,  
And yeah we get at themon like san frisco bay,  
With 40 and mac dre.  
Eat it or forever lose a piece of your meal to  
Me or one of my folk,  
Drake'll give you the deal.  
If bein' broke at 30 is a nigga that kills,  
I guess we somethin' like two ice bergs huntin' to kill.  
Keep on, keep on (uh), keep on (uh), keep on (uh)  
  
  
 I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all  
 I'm killin' 'em all, all  
I'm killin' 'em all, all  
  
  
Look, uh  
I use to get 'em like murda murda,  
Ol' time killin'.  
I wasn't even rappin', spent my whole time chillin',  
And now the girls like,  
It's only drake got chased and so the artists  
I respected try and take my place,  
But pimpin' ain't easy man and neither is rappin',  
They one in the same when you need it to happen.  
My city full of players they just needed a captain,  
In-need of him right now and needed him him back then.  
But back then I was act-in',  
Now-a-days I serve back-hands with back-spin.  
Tryin' to prove rappers are intelligent black men,  
Whoever chose to back out is back in,  
They say there's two sides to every story  
And three when the truth get told,  
So grab a spoon 'fore your soup get cold.  
When you drive it off the lot is when your coupe get old.  
So please discover an answer 'fore proof gets sold.  
And keep on, on, on, on, on  
  
  
 I'm killin' 'em all, all, all, all  
I'm killin' 'em all, all  
I'm killin' 'em all, all

All I care about is money and the city that I'm from  
I'ma sip until I feel it  
I'ma smoke until it's done  
I don't really give a fuck  
And my excuse is that I'm young  
And I'm only getting older  
Somebody shoula told ya  
I'm on one  
Fuck it I'm on one  
I said I'm on one  
Fuck it I'm on one  
A strong on  
2 white cups and I got that drink  
It could be purple it could be pink  
Depending on how you mix that shit  
Money to be gotten I'ma get that shit  
Cause I'm on one  
Fuck it I'm on one  
Ah yeah ah yeah  
  
You know what I like  
Oh yes oh yeah  
Oh yes oh yeah  
Oh yes oh yeah  
  
You know what I'm sippin  
I teach you how to mix it  
But you're the only one  
Cause I don't trust these bitches  
I don't I don't trust these bitches  
They might catch me slipping  
So you're the only one  
Cause I don't trust these bitches  
They might they might catch me slipping  
And put in something different  
So you're the only one  
Cause I don't trust these bitches  
I don't I don't trust these bitches  
They might catch me slipping  
So you're the only one  
  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho ohhh  
  
Drizzy drake check me out  
Coming live from the mu-fucking north side  
Kid game run game run it real good  
But never ever have my bitches sitting court side  
Same nigga that you knew way back when  
You acting like it's somebody you don't know  
Tell me how the fuck we supposed to stay friends  
When you got a bunch of feelings that you don't show  
I can tell I can tell I can tell certain people don't like me no more  
New shit don't excite me no more  
Guess they didn't really make 'em like me no more  
You can look me in my eyes and see I ain't myself  
Cause if y'all what I created then I hate myself  
But still let them girls in  
And tell 'em all leave them cellphones on the table where we see 'em  
I'm all day wit' it man am to the pm  
Niggas hatin' I just wish that they would say it when we see 'em all  
  
That's that shit that drives me crazy  
And it's all that I've been getting lately  
And it's pro'ly why I'm scared to put the time in  
Women wanna fuck like that mean I'm them  
Looking for somethings and I think that I can find them  
In you in you  
  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho oh trust issues  
Ho ohhh

Sometimes I feel like Lohan and Hilary Duff  
Are the only ones with enough  
To feel what I'm about to say in this song  
When they want you to be like somebody else  
And you just wanna be yourself  
And you do it and get the feeling it's wrong  
It is when all the press articles happening  
And the cameras get to snappin  
And they try to make you out as a lie  
Symbolic cos you were just trying to please em'  
By using logic and reason  
It's a lose lose why even try  
When your ideas so frequently get rejected and people just get neglected  
And They never really know how to feel  
Phone calls is something that you're expecting  
For someone without ethics to try and make em a mill  
You never noticed the fact you might be working what I'm receivin' at first  
And niggas wanna say that you ain't around  
I mean there's always some blame to put on yourself (yourselves)  
Instead of claimin' that you couldn't help and maybe next time you were
 In town  
  
You gonna try to try harder cos  
Try harder cos  
  
Try -Try-Try-Try  
  
And the managers make you circum to pressure  
And you spitin' the pressure than most of the rappers running the game  
Concerned that people who copy what's in the past  
And turn the profit to cash  
There's time I would have done it the same  
I mean I got me a range  
Also got me a guilty conscience  
That made you tell anybody I meet that I ran  
Sometimes I wish that I woulda' just chilled on the sneakers  
And watched the game from the bleachers  
Cos I'm really telling me what I spent  
In a house that I promised to get my mother  
Don't compensate for the other time  
I wasted late out at the club  
Instead of sitting in once a week for some dinner  
I working hard on the winner so this album is a labour of love  
You say as long as I'm staying out of the streets  
And just spending money on beats that  
She can rest without a toss and a turn  
Cos she know that my reputation perceives me  
And people watch me on tv  
That's exactly why I often get burned  
But I'm gonna try to.

Let me know, let me know  
Ooh, let me know, let me know let me know  
  
Uh, yeah this is really one of my dumbest flows ever  
I haven't slept in days  
And me and my latest girl agreed to go our separate ways  
So I'm single thinking about what we had and missing you  
But I ain't Santa, I got something for these bad bitches too  
I mean paparazzi on me trying not to get caught out  
They always seem to catch me with the woman that I brought out  
Baby don't hold on too long cause that's how them stories start out  
And all the girls that played me eat your motherfucking heart out, its Drizzy  
Always gone but never hard to find  
And since you can't escape me do I ever cross your mind  
Because all this shit is new to me, I'm learning to behave  
And still spending every dollar they encourage me to save  
But I'm good I know that niggas would kill for this lifestyle  
I'm looking forward to the memories of right now  
Never forgetting from where I came  
And no matter where I'm headed  
I promise to stay the same (yeah, look)  
  
I'm just riding round the city with my hood on and my windows down  
Ask your girl I'm the realest nigga she been around  
I pull up in something new and park it by the haters  
And when you get to talking 'bout the greatest  
  
 You'll think of me  
 You'll think of me  
 You'll think of me  
 'Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable  
  
This just might be my realest flow ever  
When I say fo' life, y'all say fo'ever (fo'ever)  
It's hard but it's fair I told that girl life hurts  
The closest your gone get to this is a Pac T-shirt  
The names young, baby you know I live that thug life  
The good die young so I'm gone need a thug wife  
Yeah, I'm talking his and her firearms  
Know our jewelry probably louder than a car alarm (yeah)  
Yeah, I remember I used to have to sneak the car  
Now my insides looking like a snickers bar  
Yeah, I'm talking caramel leathers  
Damn right, so fly I need feathers  
Sayin' shit in the streets so whats the dilly  
You done everything in the A but fuck Chilli (haha)  
So welcome to my life no two days the same  
Like for y'all to meet the love of my life, her names the game  
  
I'm just riding round the city with my hood on and my windows down  
Ask your girl I'm the realest nigga she been around  
I pull up in something new and park it by the haters  
And when you get to talking 'bout the greatest  
  
 You'll think of me  
 You'll think of me  
 You'll think of me  
 'Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable  
  
Got my top dropped on this beautiful night  
This beautiful night to live my beautiful life  
Pain hurts like a cut from a beautiful knife  
Just know she right here on my hip, my beautiful wife  
  
Yeah, Drizzy we got 'em lil' bra  
Unforgettable, ya never forget this  
You understand me? Timeless homie, unforgettable (Let me know, let me know)

Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things  
Niggas with no money act like money isn't everything  
I'm having a good time haters tryna ruin it,  
Shout out to the fact that I'm the youngest nigga doin' it  
Cap on, brim bent, Denzel, Larry time  
She ain't trying to pop that shit for pimp okay well never mind,  
I I I tried to told you, drizzy still ain't nothin' nice  
Bracelet saying you should quit, cars saying fuck ya life  
Okay now we outta here  
Toodles to you bitches  
And if you dolled up  
I got the voodoo for you bitches, yeah  
I'm busy getting rich, I don't want trouble  
I made enough for two niggas boy stunt double  
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of  
But I never ever trip  
Just peace happiness and love  
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug  
Plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does, ah!  
  
  
I'm about whatever man  
Fuck what they be talkin' about,  
They opinion doesn't count,  
We the only thing that matters (ooh)  
So we do it how we do it  
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it  
I be up all night,  
Whole crews in here  
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)  
Man I love my team.  
Man I love my team  
I would die for them niggas, ow  
  
Yo, Drizzy sayin' get her I'm a get her  
I get the kind of money that make a broke bitch bitter  
I got that kinda' wait wait fixate!  
Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape?  
That was just a keep sake  
Bought the president the Louie presidential briefcase  
Never been a cheapskate  
We got the Hawks I ain't talkin' about the peach state  
Man for Pete's sake scratch that, sweep stakes  
  
Fuck I look like hoe  
I look like yes and you like no  
I'm a bad bitch I ain't never been a mixed breed.  
I'm on a diet but I'm doing donuts in a six speed  
M M M6 from a M-2  
I see a lot of rap bitches on a menu  
But I collect 100 thou at the venue  
And pop bottles with the team young money til the death of me  
  
I'm about whatever man.  
Fuck what they be talking about,  
They opinion doesn't count,  
We the only thing that matters (ow)  
So we do it how we do it  
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it  
I be up all night,  
Whole crews in here  
Cause I don't really know who I'm a lose this year (ow)  
Man I love my team  
Man I love my team  
I would die for them niggas, ow  
  
I mean we can't even rock them shoes if it ain't gotta comma on the price tag  
I mean, I mean but then again who who looks at the price tag  
  
Oh yeah we in this bitch  
Ow, ow, ow  
Oh yeah we in this bitch  
Ow, ow, ow  
  


  
Been a minute since we've slept together  
Gotta get myself together  
I've been thinkin' about everything  
I don't know if it's because I'm lonely  
Lonely on a Wednesday night  
Girl I'm lonely  
I'll admit it if you just keep quiet  
Girl I'm lonely  
That shit ain't my fault girl  
Cause I'm lonely  
Name another woman, ain't no other woman who should come for me  
When I'm lonely  
Mix the Remy, little bit of Henny  
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely  
When I'm lonely, when I'm lonely  
  
  
Heard you spend your summers in Miami  
At somebody's house  
That you didn't buy  
You're young so have fun girl  
I hope it's worth it  
Cause fuck it I'm not here to judge  
Fuck it I'm not here to love  
Everything you did to ball  
Fuck it, I'm just glad that you called  
Ring ring ring, what a thing  
Ring ring ring, school bell ring  
You and I got options there  
Name another woman  
Ain't no other woman that should come for me when I'm lonely  
When I'm lonely  
Mix the Remy with a little bit of Henny  
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely  
When I'm lonely, when I'm lonely  
This shit ain't my fault

  
What if I kissed you right now  
How would we explain it  
Trying to imagine how it might sound  
If I just yelled out  
What if I kissed you right now  
Would it bring us any closer  
Take a weight off our shoulders  
Take me I'm yours  
And I don't really care who knows it  
Can you afford to be open with all these emotions  
If you were a secret how long could you keep it  
Lyrics courtesy of www.killerhiphop.com  
Keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else  
Not a problem [?]  
And you just be mine  
And you just be mine  
And you just be mine (just, just be mine)  
  
What if I kissed you right now  
Would it bring us any closer  
Take a weight off of our shoulders  
Tell on me  
I don't mind cause if they ask me about it I won't lie  
Admit that I'm yours  
I doon't really care who knows it  
Can we afford to be that open with all these emotions  
  
If you were a secret how long could you keep it  
Keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else  
Not a problem [?]  
And you just be mine  
And you just be mine  
And you just be mine (just, just be mine)  
  
What if I kissed you right now  
What if I kissed you right now  
  
And you just be mine  
And you just be mine (all mine)  
And you just be mine (just, just be mine)  
  
What if I kissed you right now  
a

  
I have to watch the road  
I swear that every car that passes has you in it  
I can't believe we're finished  
My life is movin' fast  
The time will often pass  
And something will remind me  
I can't put this behind me  
I thought you would've called by now, by now  
You could've had my all by now, by now  
It's been too many years for you to disappear  
And have me asking the question  
  
  
I wonder whatever became of you  
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try  
It's not that I was frightened, of you  
Although, I said all goodbyes  
And, you had all your cries  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you  
  
  
I swear I heard you call  
But when I heard you'd gone  
I hate that I looked desperate  
You gone is like me naked  
I'm staring at your (?)  
Trying to make it last  
Keep looking close behind me  
My eyesight on a memory  
I thought you would've called by now, by now  
You could have all my love right now, by now  
Gave into my fears  
While you just disappeared  
That's why I'm asking this question...  
  
  
I wonder whatever became of you  
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try  
It's not that I was frightened, of you  
Although, I said all goodbyes  
And, you had all your cries  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you  
  
  
I can't go to bed  
Thinking about my goals  
And how we used to say a goal is just a dream with a deadline  
Where did the other half of my heart go?  
Why am I in bed alone?  
How come when I drive by, it looks like you are never home?  
Do you even live there?  
Or did you take a u-haul?  
Too far, move off and not even tell me that you're gone?  
We were on fire  
Somehow that fire cooled off, burnt out  
I kept straight, but I wonder how you turned out  
  
  
I wonder whatever became of you  
Although, it's not that I'm surprised, it's not I didn't try  
It's not that I was frightened, of you  
Although, I said all goodbyes  
And, you had all your cries  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you  
I wonder whatever became of you

I had a little book  
Was give to me  
And every page  
Spoke of liberty  
  
All my trials  
Will soon be over  
  
There is a tree  
In paradise  
The pilgrims call it  
The tree of life  
  
All my trials  
Will soon be over  
  
But it's too late, my friend  
Too late  
But never mind  
  
All my trials  
Will soon be over  
  
If religion were a thing  
That money could buy  
Then the rich would live  
And the poor would die  
  
All my trials  
Will soon be over  
  
All my trials  
Will soon be over

Are you ready  
Ready to cry  
Are you ready  
Ready to cry  
This is the saddest story we all know why  
So cry cry cry  
  
Are you ready  
Ready to leave  
This life we love  
You know what I mean  
No more whiskey  
No more cigarettes  
And your last breath just like a sunset  
You know I love your old bones  
I love your story but you're going home  
Are you ready  
  
Are you ready  
Ready to die  
Are you ready  
Ready to die  
Is there anything I can do  
Cause saying goodbye to you  
Will be the hardest thing I ever do  
Don't worry buddy we'll see this thing through  
I'll cry the river that carries you through  
Are you ready

Well I wake up in the morning  
Look at my clock  
Its way past noon time  
Now Im late for work.  
  
Tell me, tell me  
What have I done wrong?  
Aint nothing go right with me  
Must be Ive been smoking too long.  
  
Well I go to find me some breakfast  
But I aint got no food  
Take me a shower  
But the water dont feel no good.  
  
Tell me  
  
Ive got opium in my chimney  
No other life to choose  
Nightmare made of hash dreams.  
Got the devil in my shoes  
  
Tell me  
  
Well when Im smoking  
Put my worries on a shelf  
Dont think about nothin  
Try not to see myself.  
  
Tell me  
  
Well in this blues Im singin  
Theres a lesson to be learned  
Dont go around smokin  
Unless you want to get burned.  
  
Tell me

A crowded room on Beverley  
A party for the rent  
You were sitting casually  
With a few of your fabulous friends  
I asked you what your name was  
But you just turned and laughed  
Then a little later  
I finally caught your eye  
And even though you tried so hard  
You couldn't hide your smile  
I followed you downstairs  
And we talked for a long long time  
  
Would you call that love  
Who's to say  
I don't know much about love  
But you're the best I ever had  
  
It wasn't long before you changed  
Your phone number to mine  
You said that you were movin' in  
But you needed a little time  
So I kept all your messages  
Til you made up your mind  
Now the rain is fallin' and the clouds are gathering  
And the sun refuse to shine  
Your promises and whispered words  
Are forever on my mind  
And I'm left here smokin' cigarettes  
That you left behind  
  
Would you call that love  
Who's to say  
I don't know much about love  
But you're the best I ever had

Bird flew by  
And wondered, wondered why  
She was wise  
And ought to stay up in the sky  
From the air she could wonder  
For the reason  
What's the point of a year  
Or a season?  
Your life flies away  
As the night turns to day  
If you start once to think  
Your hair will soon turn grey  
But one would like to wonder  
For the reason  
What's the point of a year  
Or a season?  
The list of fallen stars  
He crumbled, broken hearts  
Comes from a need  
To play so many parts  
But one would like to wonder  
For the reason  
What's the point of a year  
Or a season?  
The wind and the rain  
Shook hands again  
Untouched by the world  
They managed to stay sane  
They were able to wonder  
For the reason  
What's the point of a year  
Or a season?  
Bird flew by  
And wondered, wondered why  
She was wise  
And ought to stay up in the sky  
From the air she could wonder  
For the reason  
What's the point of a year  
Or a season?  

Old Black Mountain  
Tried to spit in your face  
Old Black Mountain  
Tried to spit in your face  
Baby's grubbing whiskey  
Oh she's practising bass  
Old Black Mountain  
Mean as they can be  
Old Black Mountain  
Mean as they can be  
They use gunpowder  
Just to sweeten the tea  
Had a girl in Black Mountain  
Sweetest girl in town  
Had a girl in Black Mountain  
Sweetest girl in town  
But she met a sweet black man  
Then she threw me down  
Well, old Black Mountain  
Can't keep man in jail  
Well, Black Mountain  
Can't keep man in jail  
Jury call him guilty  
Judge will grant him bail  
Goin' back to Black Mountain  
Me and my razor and my gun  
Goin' back to Black Mountain  
Me and my razor and my gun  
Gonna cut her if she stands there  
And shoot her if she runs  

I could have done better things  
If someone shut my mouth  
Or somebody clipped my wings  
So many wasted evenings  
Talking the same sweet talk  
Always the last ones leaving  
Waking up when fortunes knock  
  
I've no regrets no I couldn't think of one  
We both kept the road  
The road that we stumbled on  
You and me walking home  
Fighting the morning light  
Just making our way through days  
But making out like thieves at night  
  
I can't help wondering  
Can't help wondering why  
I can't help wondering  
Can't help wondering why  
  
Sometimes you wake up screaming  
All my life I must be dreaming  
I've been wrong  
And I'm not strong  
But I'll be the one that keeps rolling on  
  
Born to this generation  
Never made to wait  
Looking like fools sometimes  
A couple of blind men at the gate  
  
I can't help wondering  
Can't help wondering why  
I can't help wondering  
Can't help wondering why

When the day is done  
Down to earth then sinks the sun  
Along with everything that was lost and won  
When the day is done  
  
When the day is done  
Hope so much your race will be all run  
Then you find you jumped the gun  
Have to go back where you begun  
When the day is done  
  
When the night is cold  
Some get by but some get old  
Just to show life's not made of gold  
When the night is cold  
  
When the bird has flown  
Got no-one to call your own  
Got no place to call your home  
When the bird has flown  
  
When the game's been fought  
You sped the ball across the court  
Lost much sooner than you would have thought  
Now the game's been fought  
  
When the party's through  
Seems so very sad for you  
Didn't do the things you meant to do  
Now there's no time to start anew  
Now the party's through  
  
When the day is done  
Down to earth then sinks the sun  
Along with everything that was lost and won  
When the day is done

If you see some picture of us  
Lying on the bed  
Some old memory haunts you  
Gets stuck inside your head  
Don't get angry about it  
And wish we'd never been  
Don't get roped into a corner  
And try changing everything  
Don't get paralyzed with fear  
And stand there wondering  
What to do  
Just forget it girl  
And I will too  
  
If you're on our corner  
And you run into our friends  
If they ask about me  
Start wondering where I am  
Don't get angry about it  
Feel like you're caving in  
Don't start crying again  
And go and tell them everything  
Don't you walk away believing  
You will never make it through  
Just forget it girl  
And I will too  
  
If some rainy afternoon  
You're crying in your bed  
Cursing every detail  
Bout the day that we first met  
Don't get angry about it  
Start throwing everything  
Don't get struck dumb in your steps  
Each time you hear the doorbell ring  
Take some comfort in knowing  
These are things that I will do  
I can't forget it girl  
Though I try to  
I can't forget it girl  
Though I try to

Don't Think Twice, It's AlrightAs we drove on through the Finger Lakes  
Water shining at our side  
I was wrestling the demons in my mind  
But it seemed to me you were reaching for  
Some places we'd never been  
Where we'd leave the past  
On some dark road behind  
  
I will always come  
If you need me  
And I will never forget  
The things you said  
And in my hour of darkness  
You will come to me  
And I will raise up  
My worried head  
  
There's a line between what might have been  
And where we stand today  
There are roads we both know  
We can never cross  
But a voice comes down from history  
And whispers in my ear  
Don't waste the time  
The time that isn't lost  
  
I will always come  
If you need me  
And I will never forget  
The things you said  
And in my hour of darkness  
You will come to me  
And I will raise up  
My worried head  
  
I have walked by so many rooms  
And watched you brooding in the dark  
I spent my youth moving round you  
Like a ghost  
But the years go by  
And the reasons die  
That kept us far apart  
Now the sun coming up each day's  
What we need most  
  
I will always come  
If you need me  
And I will never forget  
The things you said  
And in my hour of darkness  
You will come to me  
And I will raise up  
My worried head

Please give me a second grace  
Please give me a second face  
I've fallen far down  
The first time around  
Now I just sit on the ground in your way  
  
Now if it's time to recompense for what's done  
Come, come sit down on the fence in the sun  
And the clouds will roll by  
And we'll never deny  
It's really too hard for to fly.  
  
Please tell me your second name  
Please play me your second game  
I've fallen so far  
For the people you are  
I just need your star for a day.  
  
So come, come ride in my my street-car by the bay  
For now I must know how fine you are in your way  
And the sea sure as I  
But she won't need to cry  
For it's really too hard for to fly.

Love is but the song we sing  
Fear the way we die  
It can make the mountains ring  
Make the angels cry  
So the bird is on the wind  
You may not know why  
Hey people now, smile on your brother  
Let me see you get together  
And love one another  
Some may come and some may go  
We will surely pass  
Will the one who left us here  
Return for us at last?  
We are but a moment's sunlight  
Fading in the grass  
Hey people now, smile on your brother  
Let me see you get together  
And love one another  
If you hear the song I'm singing  
You will understand  
You hold the key to love and fear  
All in your trembling hand  
Just one key unlocks them both  
It's at your command  
Hey people now, smile on your brother  
Let me see you get together  
And love one another  

Do you curse where you come from,  
Do you swear in the night  
Will it mean much to you  
If I treat you right.  
Do you like what you're doing,  
Would you do it some more  
Or will you stop once and wonder  
What you're doing it for.  
Hey slow Jane, make sense  
Slow, slow, Jane, cross the fence.  
  
Do you feel like a remnant  
Of something that's past  
Do you find things are moving  
Just a little too fast.  
Do you hope to find new ways  
Of quenching your thirst,  
Do you hope to find new ways  
Of doing better than your worst.  
Hey slow Jane, let me prove  
Slow, slow Jane, we're on the move.  
  
Do it for you,  
Sure that you would do the same for me one day.  
So try to be true,  
Even if it's only in your hazey way.  
  
Can you tell if you're moving  
With no mirror to see,  
If you're just riding a new man  
Looks a little like me.  
Is it all so confusing,  
Is it hard to believe  
When the winter is coming  
Can you sign up and leave.  
Hey slow Jane, live your lie  
Slow, slow jane, fly on by.

Believe me, pretty mama  
Better not treat me right  
Just have to forget you  
After tomorrow night  
  
Believe me, pretty mama  
Better take your picture too  
Don't want to remember  
What a good looking girl can do  
Don't send me no letter  
Don't write me no postcard  
Thinking about you, baby  
Makes it twice as hard  
Believe me, pretty mama  
Better not treat me right  
Just have to forget you  
After tomorrow night  
Well I'm sitting here  
On the sudden(? )  
Watching the trees go by  
My baby, at the end of the depot(? )  
Lay me down and cry  
Believe me, pretty mama  
Better not treat me right  
Just have to forget you  
After tomorrow night  

Yes, mama - yes, girl  
Hear me calling you  
So sweet, so sweet  
My sugar's so sweet  
My baby don't you go  
Ain't seen my little sugar come home  
So sweet, so sweet  
My sugar's so sweet  
But my baby she'd long gone  
But I've seen her - I must've been doing her wrong  
So sweet, so sweet  
My sugar's so sweet  
See my baby, don't act so smart  
I'll cut out your liver, and eat your heart  
So sweet, so sweet  
My sugar's so sweet  
Yes, mama - yes, girl  
Hear me calling you  
So sweet, so sweet  
My sugar's so swee

I never felt magic crazy as this  
I never saw moons knew the meaning of the sea  
I never held emotion in the palm of my hand  
Or felt sweet breezes in the top of a tree  
But now you're here  
Brighten my northern sky.  
  
I've been a long time that I'm waiting  
Been a long that I'm blown  
I've been a long time that I've wandered  
Through the people I have known  
Oh, if you would and you could  
Straighten my new mind's eye.  
  
Would you love me for my money  
Would you love me for my head  
Would you love me through the winter  
Would you love me 'til I'm dead  
Oh, if you would and you could  
Come blow your horn on high.  
  
I never felt magic crazy as this  
I never saw moons knew the meaning of the sea  
I never held emotion in the palm of my hand  
Or felt sweet breezes in the top of a tree  
But now you're here  
Brighten my northern sky.

I could have been a sailor, could have been a cook  
A real live lover, could have been a book.  
I could have been a signpost, could have been a clock  
As simple as a kettle, steady as a rock.  
I could be  
Here and now  
I would be, I should be  
But how?  
I could have been  
One of these things first  
I could have been  
One of these things first.  
  
I could have been your pillar, could have been your door  
I could have stayed beside you, could have stayed for more.  
Could have been your statue, could have been your friend,  
A whole long lifetime could have been the end.  
I could be yours so true  
I would be, I should be through and through  
I could have been  
One of these things first  
I could have been  
One of these things first.  
  
I could have been a whistle, could have been a flute  
A real live giver, could have been a boot.  
I could have been a signpost, could have been a clock  
As simple as a kettle, steady as a rock.  
I could be even here  
I would be, I should be so near  
I could have been  
One of these things first  
I could have been  
One of these things first.

Seems the time is near for finding a place outside  
Seems the time is here for holding the window wide  
So I'm going to try  
To open up one eye  
But if the world is too wide  
I'll be home to hide  
Keep it warm inside, if it's strange, outside.  
  
Seems the time has flown, when we lived inside a cloud  
Seems the time has gone, when nothing we said was out loud  
Going to find a word  
Make myself be heard  
But if the world is too loud  
I'll be home from the crowd  
Keep it soft inside, if it's strange, outside.  
  
Seems the time has come for banging our feet to the ground  
Seems the time has come to see if the world is round  
Sweep the smoke away  
Reach the earth today  
But if the world is all wrong  
I won't be staying long  
Keep it cool inside, if it's strange, outside.

Thoughts of rain at sunset  
Clouds of rainbow blue  
Thoughts of sun on sand-dunes  
Where the seabirds flew  
This was our season and we said, it couldn't end  
But my love left with the rain  
Thoughts of leaves in autumn  
Falling from the trees  
Thoughts of hovering tree tops  
Leading to the sea  
This was our season, no lies and no pretend  
But my love left with the rain  
Thoughts of springtime rainfall  
Touching flowers that bend  
Thoughts of wind in willows  
Days that never end  
This was our season and we said it couldn't end  
But my love left with the rain  
Rain's the way you move now  
Sun the way you seem  
Flowers the, leaves the way you wonder  
Flowers the way you dream  
This was our season but sorrow waited 'round the bend  
For my love left with the rain  
This was our season and we said it couldn't end  
But my love left with the rain  

Betty came by on her way  
Said she had a word to say  
About things today  
And fallen leaves.  
  
Said she hadn't heard the news  
Hadn't had the time to choose  
A way to lose  
But she believes.  
  
Going to see the river man  
Going to tell him all I can  
About the plan  
For lilac time.  
  
If he tells me all he knows  
About the way his river flows  
And all night shows  
In summertime.  
  
Betty said she prayed today  
For the sky to blow away  
Or maybe stay  
She wasn't sure.  
  
For when she thought of summer rain  
Calling for her mind again  
She lost the pain  
And stayed for more.  
  
Going to see the river man  
Going to tell him all I can  
About the ban  
On feeling free.  
  
If he tells me all he knows  
About the way his river flows  
I don't suppose  
It's meant for me.  
  
Oh, how they come and go  
Oh, how they come and go.

Saturday sun came early one morning  
In a sky so clear and blue  
Saturday sun came without warning  
So no-one knew what to do  
Saturday sun brought people and faces  
That didn't seem much in their day  
But when I remembered those people and places  
They were really too good in their way  
In their way  
In their way  
Saturday sun won't come and see me today  
  
Think about stories with reason and rhyme  
Circling through your brain  
And think about people in their season and time  
Returning again and again  
And again  
And again  
but Saturday sun has turned to Sunday's rain

Please beware of them that stare  
They'll only smile to see you while  
Your time away  
And once you've seen what they have been  
To win the earth just won't seem worth  
Your night or your day  
Who'll hear what I say.  
Look around you find the ground  
Is not so far from where you are  
But not too wise  
For down below they never grow  
They're always tired and charms are hired  
From out of their eyes  
Never surprise.  
  
Take your time and you'll be fine  
And say a prayer for people there  
Who live on the floor  
And if you see what's meant to be  
Don't name the day or try to say  
It happened before.  
  
Don't be shy you learn to fly  
And see the sun when day is done  
If only you see  
Just what you are beneath a star  
That came to stay one rainy day  
In autumn for free  
Yes, be what you'll be.  
Please beware of them that stare  
They'll only smile to see you while  
Your time away  
And once you've seen what they have been  
To win the earth just won't seem worth  
Your night or your day  
Who'll hear what I say.  
  
Open up the broken cup  
Let goodly sin and sunshine in  
Yes that's today.  
And open wide the hymns you hide  
You find renown while people frown  
At things that you say  
But say what you'll say  
About the farmers and the fun  
And the things behind the sun  
And the people around your head  
Who say everything's been said  
And the movement in your brain  
Sends you out into the rain.

Three hours from sundown  
Jeremy flies  
Hoping to keep  
The sun from his eyes  
East from the city  
And down to the cave  
In search of a master  
In search of a slave  
  
Three hours from London  
Jacomo's free  
Taking his woes  
Down to the sea  
In search of a lifetime  
To tell when he's home  
In search of a story  
That's never been known  
  
Three hours from speaking  
Everyone's flown  
Not wanting to be  
Seen on their own  
Three hours is needed  
To leave from them all  
Three hours to wonder  
And three hours to fall  
  
Three hours from sundown  
Jeremy flies  
Hoping to keep the sun from his eyes  
East from the city  
And down to the cave  
In search of a master  
In search of a slave

Don't you have a word to show what may be done  
Have you never heard a way to find the sun  
Tell me all that you may know  
Show me what you have to show  
Won't you come and say  
If you know the way to blue?  
  
Have you seen the land living by the breeze  
Can you understand a light among the trees  
Tell me all that you may know  
Show me what you have to show  
Tell us all today  
If you know the way to blue?  
  
Look through time and find your rhyme  
Tell us what you find  
We will wait at your gate  
Hoping like the blind.  
  
Can you now recall all that you have known?  
Will you never fall  
When the light has flown?  
Tell me all that you may know  
Show me what you have to show  
Won't you come and say  
If you know the way to blue?

Which will you go for  
Which will you love  
Which will you choose from  
From the stars above  
Which will you answer  
Which will you call  
Which will you take for  
For your one and all  
And tell me now  
Which will you love the best.  
  
Which do you dance for  
Which makes you shine  
Which will you choose now  
If you won't choose mine  
Which will you hope for  
Which can it be  
Which will you take now  
If you won't take me  
And tell now  
Which will you love the best.

  
10 Bands, 50 bands 100 bands, fuck it man  
Let's just not even discuss it man O-M-G  
Niggas sleep, I ain't trippin' I'ma let em sleep  
I ain't trippin' let em rest in peace  
  
  
I can tell ya how it happened  
I can tell ya bout them safe house nights out in Calabasas  
I can tell you not a rapper  
Tryna sell these story I don't even open up the package  
Who you with? What you claim?  
I was paying momma's rent was I turning 17  
Sold it dirty like Diana never clean  
My ex ask me where I'm moving I said Drop down, drop-drop  
Shit is real out here  
Drop down, drop-drop  
Drop-drop down, drop-drop, get it  
Get it, drop down, drop-drop  
  
Ooh, 305 to my city  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it  
We did it, we did it  
We did it, we did it  
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it  
  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get it  
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get it  
Get it, I get it  
  
They don't work hard as you, damn that's so crazy  
At the end of the night when you count, numbers don't lie to my baby  
Locker room full of money, girl you just did it!  
I get it, I get it, man fuck all that talking, take shots to the kidney  
Down payment on the Jaguar, your roommate got credit  
12 months on the lease, that's a come up baby don't you ever forget it  
Connections are heavy, every real nigga they fuck with you  
Now shit down in diamonds, you sparkle but fuck man is sparklin' enough for
you?  
  
Ooh, 305 to my city  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get it, I swear that I get it, I get it, I get it  
We did it, we did it  
We did it, we did it  
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it  
  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get i  
Your hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby, I'm with you, I'm with it  
I get it, I get it  
I get it, I get it  
Get it, I get it  
  
Tonight was your night, go get you some lobsters and shrimp  
You smart and you know it, I get it, I get it you outdo these pimps  
I hope you don't fall, that's you on the top of the ceiling  
Don't you ever forget 'bout your story, I get it, you did it, you did it  
Got a link on the champagne, your best friend is bar-tending  
Your parents sayin' this another phase in your life they can't wait until it's
all finished  
Shine on them hoes, let 'em know that you run shit  
I get it I get it, I'm workin' too hard let's get into some fun shit  
281 to my city, heard you had trouble at customs  
Your girl got a DUI, I'll make the calls to get y'all through customs  
Tell your best friend, [Intro]  
Rrrr Ting  
  
  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy  
Get hurt boy  
Aww here go another mo'fucker that don't understand the concept of puttin'
money first boy (first)  
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)  
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)  
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ahh that's the worst boy
  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
You haven't been a man for like a minute  
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul  
You can really get the business  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
Rolling swishers hittin' swishes  
Got me feelin' like a ball hog  
I don't pass 'em when I get it  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
You too worried 'bout the bitches  
I got one girl, and she my girl, and nobody else can hit it  
She'll admit it, she'll admit it  
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas  
And just like every single other thing in my life  
You can have her when I'm finished  
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy  
Phone call back home, shit is hot up in the 6 boy  
Shit hot up in the 6 right now shit hot up in the 6 boy  
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now  
Come see us and get it fixed boy  
Black Benz on the road boy  
Already had a Rolls Royce  
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys  
I give a fuck about old boy  
I give a fuck about his squad boy  
I give a fuck about your mob boy  
I'm the real 6 God boy  
I'm about to say a true thing  
I'm about to say a true thing  
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain  
God damn you changed  
I put it on 'erything, it's a Rrr Ting  
It's a OVO come through murk things  
I know you heard things  
Bitch I know you heard things  
Yeah, I know you heard things  
I'm not new to this  
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side  
I'm not new to this  
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side  
I'm not new to this  
I'm not new, I'm not new  
Yeah, I know you heard things  
Nobody really likes us except for us  
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up  
Yeah, my sound got the whole city in your way right now  
So I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now

  
Yeah, for the dogs dem, you know  
Man when shit gets like this, in the whole city  
Shit's crazy right now, this shit ain't gonna stop  
You know shit gonna get a lot more worse before it get any better  
  
  
Look  
Momma hit my phone and said rap's no good  
Better than her telling me the check's no good  
Now they wanna act like I do no good  
Funny cause I really did more than I should  
I made a decision last night that I would die for it  
Just to show the city what it takes to be alive for it  
Can't get me on the line so they hang me out to dry for it  
You know 40 wants peace, but I'm down to cut ties for it  
And I can't sleep these days unless I take one  
If they don't have a story these days, they'll make one  
Life is always on, man, I never get a break from it  
Doesn't matter where I go, I can never get away from it  
They give me loyalty and I don't gotta pay for it  
Same way, breads gotta break for it  
Keeping people fed is my only peace of mind now  
And I turn the six upside down, it's a nine now  
I made a decision last night that I would die for it  
  
  
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas...)  
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas...)  
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas...)  
(Dying, yeah, yeah, gangstas, gangstas, gangstas...)  
  
  
All these hand outs, man it's getting outta hand  
I'mma start telling niggas Yeah uh yeah  
These are my one St Thomas flows  
Me and my n-ggas and some madonna hoes  
That look just like virgins but trust they down to go  
Discussin' life and all our common goals  
Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll  
Look how the champagne diamonds flow  
Find dining, pour another another glass when the wine is low  
I'm in the crib stackin' money from here to the ceilin'  
Whatever it is I got is clearly appealin'  
These other rappers gettin' at it very you feelin  
I hope you feel it in your soul spiritual healin'  
Take a look at yourself the mirror's revealin'  
If you ain't got it you ain't got it the theory is brilliant  
People ask how music is goin' I heard it pays  
I just came off makin' 2 million in 30 days  
Damn I guess it does what the message was  
Sometimes I feel I be spendin' my money just because  
But weezy I'm just out here reppin' us  
Till I get to shake the hand of the man that's blessin' us  
Yeah, I know these n-ggas miss the mean lyrics  
Kush got the room smellin' like teen spirit  
I asked kindly if no-one out here would bring there feet up  
Until I lose for now I'm the game's single leader  
I fly private so no-one tells me to bring my seat up  
And book a suite when me and your favorite singer meet up  
Who you like, tell me who it is  
Imma make sure that that women is the next one on my list  
I should call it a night but f-ck it I can't resist  
This one is for all my n-ggas from my city tryin to diss  
Without a responce from me you really fail to exist  
And I love to see you fail that feelin' there is the sh-t  
I swear, aghh p-ssy n-gga get your bread up  
Enjoy the seat that the steward just forced your ass to let up  
Why your scary ass lookin' down pick your head up  
No-one told you your disguise is the most ridiculous gettup  
With nose plugs in now I can smell a set up  
  
So your just wastin your time your just only makin me better  
Yeah I try to tell them don't judge me because you heard stuff  
Chasin' cash that's my brother from the surf club  
Damn that n-gga always kept it so hood  
Back when we would smoke good  
At the oakwoods  
And have girls fall through like coins in a couch  
Now we just f-ckin all the b-tches they warned us about  
Scared for the first time everything has clicked  
What if I don't really do the numbers they predict  
Considerin the fact that I'm the one that they just picked  
To write a chapter in history this sh-t has got me sick  
Lyrics courtesy of www.Killerhiphop.com  
But if I really do it don't expect to get a split  
Cause this truly is some sh-t I don't expect you all to get  
I'm nervous but I'm about to kill it cause they about to let the realist team
in  
Throwin up in a huddle n-gga Willie beamin  
Were still throwin touchdown passes  
And tore his frame glasses  
Hopin that someone catch it  
People say that oh drake we started to miss it  
But they need to be a little more specific man is this what yall want?  
And my best chris tucker impression  
Ducking your questions  
F-ck your suggestions  
Money gets all of my love and affection  
Cars all black like the cover of essence  
I'm allergic to comin in second  
But I never sneeze  
N-gga YMOE n-gga yeeah  
Uh, yeah, this want yall want  
Octobers Very Own  
Young Money  
ATF  
Thank me later in this b-tch wasssup  
Free Weezy in this b-tch wasup  
June 15th in this b-tch wasup

Diamoexplainnds hang around my neck, the crib is all finished  
No love for these bitches I said this year it's all business  
It is a shame that a couple of 'em are off limits  
No offence to my nigga, it's just the industry is small  
We all lust for the same women  
You know the ones we saw before we came in it  
I know he ain't trippin'  
I know I got a couple things that lil' wayne dipped in  
Ain't ashamed to admit it, I be the same with it  
This shit is all about hits and misses  
The ones that you fuck and the ones that you wife up  
Don't let them fuck your life up  
  
Half a mill to perform, I can't let them fuck that shit up  
Plus I love the way my middle name looks when it's lit up  
Jim moore got me dressing like a leading man  
A little favour for a friend when I need a hand  
Young frank, suits cut right always  
Just got a couple warhol's for my hallways  
New verses crush the hood like I'm driving into something  
Bitches on the kid like I'm iverson of something  
Like a sixer, since I sold 680 in my first  
Drizzy drake, the only one that got the gift without the curse  
Swag!

Spending every moment in the studio  
I'd never said it'd be fair  
But when you're all alone I hope you truly know  
How bad I want to be there  
  
  
Come right here  
Set your bag down  
I took a night off for you  
Go ahead and turn the lights off  
But keep your heels on  
They're fittin' for what I'm about to do  
  
No you ain't explainin' how you want it done  
Just be quiet I'll do fine without ya help girl  
Can you work without a second for some fun  
Now you finally got a moment to yaself girl  
And I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
  
I been waitin for so long to get you all alone  
Now I finally got you right here  
So baby I'm a lock my door and disconnect my phone  
'Cause I wanna make one thing clear  
I want you on top  
So let ya hair down  
I took the night off for you  
Girl I'm gonna turn the lights off  
But keep ya heels on  
They're fittin' for what we're about to do  
  
  
  
No you ain't explainin how you want it done  
Just be quiet I'll do fine without ya help girl  
Can you work without a second for some fun  
Now you finally got a moment to yaself girl  
And I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
I know what to do with it  
  
Oh oh. It's 6 o'clock in the morning at the studio

  
It's Southern Smoke Boy!  
Ho, Yeah, Uh huh  
It's Trey Songz and uh, D-are-A-K-K-E  
Ahahaha, the boy of summer are here man  
Ayo Track, I got something mean for this one boy  
  
  
Chances Are Most of the day you was lying around  
I made money that's why these girls eyeing me down  
By nineteen I might seem desitend for millions  
Promoters on my ass so I'm guessing they filled  
In I take q's from my big boy popz  
I'm the only young dude that the big boys watch  
They getting foul on the star  
But it's all eyes on me like I'm coppin some vows for the bar  
Get it guess not picture me not strive  
To land in the top ten slip in the top five  
Same thing in the top four trust I'm hot boy  
Maybe even the top three Trey you got me  
Now a day I peep they intrests  
Specialy when lifes bringing them pain and lately they been stressed  
Money making brothers should take notes  
See broke niggas is the problem and us is the scape goat  
Some body get the waiter they need a second plate a  
This knowledge if you aint got it you could catch it later  
My money then lovers seperate for I commit the date up  
I put a split in the middle then I seperater  
  
  
It aint about the rims on my truck  
Aint about the ice on my watch  
Aint about teh coop of my truck  
Baby it's about the Game  
  
  
Ridin' low  
Layed back in the seat when I creep  
That's just how I roll  
With some fresh nice ones on my feet  
That's it goes  
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough  
Cause it ain't all about that no more  
  
  
It aint about the rims on my truck  
Aint about the ice on my watch  
Aint about teh coop of my truck  
Baby it's about the Game  
  
It aint about the shoes that I've got  
Aint about my dough or my rocks  
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop  
Baby it's about the game  
  
  
When you ask why I'm hustlin' in the streets that's just who I be  
Yo, I live for the dough, for the flow, for feelin' free  
Ain't too many other dudes you can choose to get this luxury  
But without it all I'm still about the game  
  
  
The haters wanna hate, but it ain't nothing  
Because the ladies choose to love me (they love me for what I do)  
  
  
It aint about the rims on my truck  
Aint about the ice on my watch  
Aint about teh coop of my truck  
Baby it's about the Game  
  
It aint about the shoes that I've got  
Aint about my dough or my rocks  
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop  
Baby it's about the game  
  
  
Ridin' low  
Layed back in the seat when I creep  
That's just how I roll  
With some fresh nice ones on my feet  
That's it goes  
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough  
Cause it ain't all about that no more  
  
  
The haters wanna hate, but it ain't nothing  
Because the ladies choose to love me (they love me for what I do)  
  
  
It aint about the rims on my truck  
Aint about the ice on my watch  
Aint about teh coop of my truck  
Baby it's about the Game  
  
It aint about the shoes that I've got  
Aint about my dough or my rocks  
Ain't the life I live, it don't stop  
Baby it's about the game

  
Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings  
Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings  
Head to works, I get some breakfast 'cause, still a nigga yawning  
From the night before, at the club I was up I'm tryna live  
Only twenty two my nig, 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?  
  
Yo I wake up every morning, shower, gather my belongings  
Head to works, I get some breakfast 'cause, still a nigga yawning  
From the night before, at the club I was up I'm tryna live  
Only twenty two my nig, 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?  
Time don't wait for none of us that's why I gotta chase my dreams  
Make my momma proud so she can show off all her pearly teeth  
And be half the man my dad was, I thank God he was in my life  
I realize how many [?]  
Either I, need to make this music work or move from the Earth  
I'm preachin' fire, need a choir, 'bout to take you all to church  
My congregation bombed the nation with this HIP HOP  
We in the race to fame, blowin' pass the PIT STOPS  
I heard the prize was some chicks and a WRIST WATCH  
And all you gotta do is go to jail or GET SHOT  
Yeah Nick cop but he ain't never get popped  
How we gonna get pop fans? Give 'em a quick shot  
Now I get ya chick hot with my wrist watch  
Yeah shorty drip drop when it tick tock  
It's kinda sick huh? Ay Jay, put it in the heart of Pickering  
And tell them niggas this is NICK'S SPOT  
They don't keep it fresh enough I got it zip locked  
Saran wrap, anthrax, it make ya sick huh  
I'm hot as fire wanna put me out with piss huh  
[?]  
  
  
It ain't as easy as it looks, we go through some shit  
You cut us a check, then we go through some hits  
Then you show us respect, then we'll say you legit  
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM  
  
I'm tryna get that cash, then watch how tall it grows  
Soon as we get the ass, we start callin' 'em hos  
The concept you don't grasp, I'm guessin' you too old  
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM  
  
  
Ayo I stay up every evening, write that shit that they believe in  
DJs run it, they approach me, and it's praise I be receiving  
From the night befo', at the club, fake I.D. my record spins  
Got me dancin' right outside since these niggas won't let me in  
Well guess again, slip around the back and get it crackin'  
And all the bottles wrapped in cellophane [?]  
Hundred grand, Nickle F, that nigga's the next to win  
Virgina go rep for him, and Memphis represent for me  
To the tenth 10 degree, Tennekey, T Dot to the country ya'll  
Orangemen and White Haven, an back up north to Montreal  
I ain't ashamed, my city ain't on the map  
[?] Light that fire, realize they ain't born to rap  
[?] Pass the torch and sell they soul [?]  
Maybe they can bring they career back  
But these niggas right here ain't tryna hear that  
Cause I'm on set, make it work, break even on 9 to 5's  
Cigarettes and lotto tickets, tryna keep that grind alive  
All my uncles, they hit the casino when they get they check  
My cousins, they paint they [?] to get respect  
This can't be life, dominoes and [?] dro and twenty stacks  
[?]  
[?]  
Rest In Peace to SKUMMY this reality not funny rap!  
You think it's funny till these youngings suck a bunny  
Pull the jack rabbit out and get to screamin' where the money at!  
  
  
It ain't as easy as it looks, we go through some shit  
You cut us a check, then we go through some hits  
Then you show us respect, then we'll say you legit  
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM  
  
I'm tryna get that cash, then watch how tall it grows  
Soon as we get the ass, we start callin' 'em hos  
The concept you don't grasp, I'm guessin' you too old  
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM

  
All right!  
She'll be jumping up and down,  
Trying to fit that ass in.  
Took her half an hour just to get that...  
All she wanna talk about is party and the fashion,  
I don't know where she's going and I do not plan on asking at all  
Cause her spirit is free,  
And she lets nobody else in except for me  
If her basement is locked, then I swear she would agree  
I'm the only one she loves, there's no copy of the key  
Homie that's a guarantee  
  
  
Don't forget that fendi purse that you put all your cash in,  
Kinda' hard to concentrate when cameras are flashing.  
Other dudes will suffocate her, I don't want her gaspin,  
Don't know where she's going, and I do not plan on asking at all  
I've never been the type felt a like my connection  
With niggas that wanna fight over women, that's not right,  
There's too many in the world, homie you could have yo pick  
But I swear that one's my girl, I swear that one's my girl

  
Oh man, oh man, oh man, not again  
  
  
Yeah, I learned the game from William Wesley  
You can never check me  
Back to back for the niggas that didn't get the message  
Back to back like I'm on the cover of Lethal Weapon  
Back to back like I'm Jordan '96, '97  
Whoa, very important and very pretentious  
When I look back I might be mad that I gave this attention  
Yeah, but it's weighin' heavy on my conscience  
Yeah, and fuck, you left The Boy no options  
I wanna see my niggas go insane  
You gon' make me step out of my fuckin' frame  
You gon' make me buy bottles for Charlamagne  
You gon' make me go out of my fuckin' way  
I waited four days, nigga, where y'all at?  
I drove here in the Wraith playin' AR-AB  
I'm not sure what it was that really made y'all mad  
But I guess this is what I gotta do to make y'all rap  
I mean woah, can't fool the city, man, they know what's up  
Second floor at Tootsies, gettin' shoulder rubs  
This for y'all to think that I don't write enough  
They just mad cause I got the midas touch  
You love her, then you gotta give the world to her  
Is that a world tour or your girl's tour?  
I know that you gotta be a thug for her  
This ain't what she meant when she told you to open up more  
Yeah, trigger fingers turn to twitter fingers  
Yeah, you gettin' bodied by a singin' nigga  
I'm not the type of nigga that'll type to niggas  
And shout-out to all my boss bitches wife-in niggas  
Make sure you hit him with the prenup  
Then tell that man to ease up  
I did another one, I did another one  
You still ain't did shit about the other one  
I got the drink in me goin' back to back  
Yeah, goin' back to back  
I got the drink in me goin' back to back  
Yeah, I'm goin' back to back  
I don't wanna hear about this ever again  
Not even when she tell 'em that they better as friends  
Not even when you sayin', [Hook:]  
I'm black and Jewish  
Don't be so foolish  
I'm black and Jewish  
It's a Mitzvah  
  
  
Please don't forget I'm black, please don't forget I'm Jewish  
I play ball like Lebron and I know what a W-2 is  
Chillin' in Boca Raton with my mensch, Lenny Kravitz  
The only purple drink we sip is purple Manischewitz  
At my show, you won't simply put your hands in the air  
We can also raise a chair or recite a Jewish prayer  
  
  
Like Baruch [?] Yisrael  
[?] Kim Kardashian Kanye West, amen  
I eat Hova with nova, knishes with my bitches  
A bagel and cream cheesy with my boy, his name is Weezy  
Do not go to Feingold's, though  
The pickles are rubber  
And I will not be harmin' yah  
I read the Old Testament, okra and matzahball, I'll eat the rest of it  
I celebrate Hanukkah, dated Rihannakah  
Birth right in Israel, mama from Canada  
Daddy from Africa  
Both of best worlds when you're Jewish with black in ya'  
Challah!

Yeah, isn't it amazing how you talk all this shit and we still lack
communication  
How beautiful our kids will be, girl, I don't need convincing  
How every conversation starts with [Chorus:]  
Somebody remind me where I am  
That's right I'm at home, Yeah I'm right where I belong  
Girl you say you feeling faded well me too  
The smoke is getting blown and the drinks is super strong  
I know they aint getting money like we do  
So it's on. I was looking for the one  
Now I'm feeling dumb for thinking it was you  
I was wrong now I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it  
And I'mma do it all  
Feeling like the old me  
You don't even know me  
I'mma do it all  
I'mma do it all  
Probably why I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it...  
  
[Drake - Verse 1]  
Tonight I'm into breaking up  
Somebody's home  
I'm drunk as ever  
I'm not alone, I'm with my people  
I know you love it  
I don't jus do it  
I over does it  
I be getting money so long  
It's just paper to me  
Take all my memories with you and just erase it for me  
You can never reminisce when you forget it all  
Careful what you wish for, you just might get it all  
Now my life is angel hair and pignot grigio  
Baby forget about it  
I'm headed wherever this muthf-cking jet is routed  
You can't have my heart the doctor told me I'd be dead without it  
My judgements never clouded  
That's why I'm steady yelling weatherman weatherman  
I'm bout whatever man  
I'm tryna fuck with tinkerbell in never neverland  
But I'm polite about it  
Baby after you  
I've had a glass or two so somebody remind me where I am  
  
  
-that's right I'm at home, Yeah I'm right where I belong  
Girl you say you feeling faded well me too  
The smoke is getting blown and the drinks is super strong  
I know they aint getting money like we do  
So it's on. I was looking for the one  
Now I'm feeling dumb for thinking it was you  
I was wrong now I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it  
And I'mma do it all  
Feeling like the old me  
You don't even know me  
I'mma do it all  
I'mma do it all  
Probably why I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it  
  
[Drake - Verse 2]  
Tryna get the green like I'm waiting at a long light  
Broke just doesn't suit me girl and every night is prom night  
Where'd I put my bow tie  
Millionnaire multi  
Rest in peace to B. I. G and praises to the most high  
Getting stupid paid off of smart decisions  
I'm the man now, I guess that parts a given  
Someone please tell me the problem with my competition  
I ask what's up and they just always say the cost of livin'  
I live from it though, I've been down and I got up  
Bring a hundred thousand to the club and light your spot up  
And me falling and landing in love I don't think should happen  
Because everythings easier to get into than get out of  
But someone show me to the owner of this city  
Cause the owners always seem to be the only people with me  
I'm still the mafia, still run the commitee  
Ny forever nigga, Diddy,  
  
  
Somebody remind me where I am  
That's right I'm at home, Yeah I'm right where I belong  
Girl you say you feeling faded well me too  
The smoke is getting blown and the drinks is super strong  
I know they aint getting money like we do  
So it's on. I was looking for the one  
Now I'm feeling dumb for thinking it was you  
I was wrong now I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it  
And I'mma do it all  
Feeling like the old me  
You don't even know me  
I'mma do it all  
I'mma do it all  
Probably why I'm back up in this bitch going harder than I did  
Watch me do it

Uh yea alright  
Uh well alright  
Yea well alright  
Uh huh... Yea  
Gasps  
Feel good  
  
  
It's a celebration clap clap bravo lobster and shrimp  
And a glass of miskato for the girl whose  
A student and her friends whose a model  
Finished the whole bottle... And we gonna do it big like this  
Yea and he was just practice he ain't  
In your world you can take him off ya atlas  
Girl ya on fire can I be the one you match with  
I give you the credit card and baby you can max this outtt  
Show me where ya tax is show me where ya hands at  
Maybe I can grasp it they say if ya get her  
You can understand her better  
And she known to be a cheater but that's only if you let her  
Yea... And I got it together so when they  
Talk they try to turn me it's like whatever  
... Tell em' I appreciate the help but I just gotta know for myself  
  
Yea uh  
Uh look  
Uh  
  
  
This lifestyle is foul this shit'll damage her  
Especially when you think nobody is understanding ya  
These girls groups with they overprotected managers  
Got paparazzi over my shoulders clickin they cam-er-a  
Snap snap snap until they runnin outta card space  
You remind me of Tony's sister in scarface  
Just take it easy on love and slow ya heart rate  
? Girl it's graces on top is such a hard place?  
Yea... But if you never even been there  
You kinda make sense why you dying of pretendin  
Spillin all ya drinks takin pictures of ya swimwear  
Head up in the clouds you survivin on the thin air  
I know that shit is exhausting girl  
And your mistakes are costing girl  
And maybe you don't need the help but I just wanna see for myself

  
I do this for ya'll man  
Malice, Nickelus F, it's the remix!  
  
  
  
  
Are-E you-P G-A-N-G  
Are-E you-P G-A-N-G  
  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do  
  
  
Check, the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it  
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it  
So now you at the store for some blank cds  
You can't see me, for your sake might wanna return it  
Cause, if you bring them discs home to ya girl, she'll forget you  
And I'll be the only one she concerned with  
To the people that ignored me before this  
This one is for you as a song re-recorded  
Funny thing is, you just notice me now but I was here along  
Your vision's just been distorted  
I'm so [?] I live this, you ask me what the business  
And I write a sixteen and record it, uh  
The waiting is over I think music need it  
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded  
People in the South want it chopped and screwed, I got this dude  
They expectations Imma exceed it uh  
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it  
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish  
Finally here Imma star with the timing  
My swagger is chill, and my flow is reclining  
This for anybody that's searchin for cash, a purchase [?]  
You only get the dough when you grindin  
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne  
My pain, you can experience through the rhyming boy!  
  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do  
  
  
  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do  
  
Stance on lean, leg up on the wall  
My people they chill, why you haters wanna ball  
I'm satisfied with a little, why you haters want it all  
You waiting for the Spring, and I'm gettin it in the fall  
But uh, do what you do what you, I do what I do  
Do's what you do, I do what I do

When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world  
It's just the end of a world, that you had with one girl  
And she's the reason it happened, but she's overreacting  
And it's all because she don't want things to change  
  
  
So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you  
That's the wrong thing to do  
Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you  
That's the wrong thing to do  
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you  
That's the wrong thing to do  
Cause you'll say you love me, and I'll end up lying  
And say I love you too  
  
But I need someone different  
You know it, oh ho, you know it  
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it  
I need someone different  
You know it, oh ho, you know it  
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it  
Something's been missing  
You know it, oh ho, she knows it  
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it  
I need someone different (oh ho, oh ho)  
  
We live in a generation of, not being in love, and not being together  
But we sure make it feel like we're together  
Cause we're scared to see each other with somebody else  
  
  
  
But I need someone different  
You know it, oh ho, you know it  
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it  
I need someone different  
You know it, oh ho, you know it  
Oh ho, you know it, we both know it  
Something's been missing  
You know it, oh ho, she knows it  
Oh ho, I know it, we all know it  
I need someone different (Oh ho, oh ho)

Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
  
[Drake - Verse 1]  
I got car money, fresh start money  
I want Saudi money, I want art money  
I want women to cry and pour out their heart for me  
And tell me how much they hate it when they apart from me  
Yeh, and lately I do bitches the meanest  
Tell em I love em and don't ever mean it  
We go on dates I send the Maybach out the neighbourhoods, they never seen it  
That shit is dangerous but it so convenient  
I aint lying, yeah  
And comfortable I sit  
That manual Ferrari Italian, some fly shit  
It's sittin' at the house like I bought it in '9-6  
Cause honestly I'm too f-cking busy to drive stick  
I swear, too f-cking busy, too busy f-cking  
This nigga girl, but to me she wasn't  
Been hot before they open doors for me  
Preheated oven, I'm in this so  
But I aint finished though  
It's been a minute though  
My newest girl back home, got issues with parents  
And some charges, how the f-ck can I get her to Paris  
Luckilly, I'm the greatest my country's ever seen  
So chances are I get the border to issue me clearance  
Dreams money can buy  
Everybody yelled surprised I wasn't surprised  
That's only cause I been waitin' on it, nigga  
So f-ck whoever hatin on a nigga  
Of course  
  
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't...  
  
Food from India, she in Charlotte Olympia's  
We talked music for hours she never mentioned ya  
Can't tell you how much I love when niggas think they got it  
And I love the fact that line made 'em think about it  
Ymcmb these niggas make it so hard to be friendly when I know part of it's
envy  
Tryna fill the shoes, nigga so far these are empty  
I take 'em off in the house because the throw carpets are Fendi  
Ohh, I never seen the car you claim to drive  
Shit I seen it, you just aint inside  
And I feel like lately I went from top 5 to remaining 5  
My favourite rappers either lost it or they aint alive  
And they tryna bring us down me, Weezy and Stunna  
We stayed up, Christmas lights in the middle of summer  
And if the girl standing next to me got a fat ass  
Then I'll probably give her my number  
Yeah, I throw my dollars up high  
And they land on the stage, dance on  
We got company coming over  
Would it kill you to put some pants on  
Dreams money can buy  
They told me it's like a high, it wasn't a lie  
Yeah, just have some good p-ssy waiting on a nigga  
And f-ck whoever hatin' on a nigga  
  
Don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't, don't f-ck with me, don't f-ck with me  
Don't...

  
Yeah, yeah  
  
  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
  
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'  
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'  
Look like you hidin' your problems  
Really you never was all in  
No you can't son me, you won't never get to run me  
Just when shit look out of reach, I reach back like one, three  
Like one, three, yeah  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
That's when they smile in my face  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place  
I can tell that love is fake  
I don't trust a word you say  
How you wanna clique up after your mistakes?  
Look you in the face and it's just not the same  
  
  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
  
  
Yeah, straight up to my face, tryna play it safe  
Vibe switch like night and day, I can see it like right away  
I came up, you changed up, I caught that whole play  
Since then, things never been the same  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
That's when they smile in my face  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Whole time they wanna take my place  
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place  
I can tell that love is fake  
  
I don't trust a word you say  
  
How you wanna clique up after your mistakes?  
  
Look you in the face and it's just not the same  
  
  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
I've been down so long it look like up to me  
They look up to me  
I got fake people showin' fake love to me  
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face  
  
  
Skrrt (skrrt, skrrt)

This is why I do this shit.  
I think they call this, uh, venting.  
  
Yea  
Look  
Uh  
  
This is me.  
Still the same.  
They want the hits.  
I play the game.  
No auto tune, but you can feel the pain.  
It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein.  
What up lil' braw.  
What up slumville.  
I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still.  
The fans thinking that we all signed for one mill.  
Equal opportunities rapping, that shit is unreal.  
That ain't how it works.  
That ain't that how it goes.  
And I been getting high to balance out the lows.  
And I could use a writer to balance my flows.  
But I never share my thoughts,  
This is all a nigga knows.  
And every time I try, it opens up my eyes.  
These verses are a chance to remembered and reprized.  
And I would be performing just as long as I'm alive.  
So every word I utter will be mine.  
  
Don't believe the lies.  
Look me in my eyes.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
I remember you.  
This feeling isn't new.  
So please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
  
Don't take this the wrong way but  
I never cried when Pac died.  
But I probably will when Hov does.  
And if my tears hold value,  
Then I would drop one for every single thing he showed us.  
And I'll be standing in a puddle.  
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.  
And Ima keep it honest.  
Am so tired of being subtle.  
It's just me, Forty, O, and Nich standing in a huddle.  
Staring at the members of my team.  
Who get questioned about they profit from this from million dollar scheme.  
Just know that am in debt for you defending all our dreams.  
I hope you tell your family this shit ain't what it seems.  
But yall the reason for a lot of my devotion.  
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless.  
And know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions.  
At least I put it all in the open.  
  
Don't believe the lies.  
Look me in my eyes.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
I remember you.  
This feeling isn't new.  
So please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
Oh oh oh oh oh uh.  
  
Look.  
Fuck all y'all.  
We ignore feelings here.  
Premature millionaires.  
Welcome to my realest year.  
Yeah.  
I swear we making a killer here.  
I should be on top of the world here just chillin' here.  
Uh.  
But it's funny having fans.  
Who find you before anybody ever has the chance,  
And build you up so you could be the biggest in the game.  
And realize when your there, sometimes the shit don't feel the same.  
Yeah.  
And plus things are just so real at home  
People think I've changed just because my appeal's grown  
And now security follow me everywhere  
So I'm never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.  
I think I'm scared of what the future holds.  
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those.  
Every girl I meet thinks I'm fucking groupie hoes.  
The honesty of my music has left me too exposed.  
All my old friends think I got a new crowd.  
And people seem to notice every time I do smile.  
I guess that mean they come few and far between.  
Even though am living out what you would call the dream.  
Yeah.  
And my uncle ain't even messaging me.  
And him missing in my life is kind of messing with me.  
I hope this isn't one of those forever things.  
It's funny how money can change everything.  
  
Don't believe the lies.  
Look me in my eyes.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
I remember you.  
This feeling isn't new.  
So please don't be scared of me.  
Please don't be scared of me.  
Oh oh oh oh oh uh.

  
I should be downtown, whipping on the way to you  
You got something that belongs to me  
Your body language says it all  
Despite the things you said to me  
Who is it that's got you all gassed up?  
Changing your opinion on me  
I was only gone for the last few months  
But you don't have the time to wait on me  
  
  
I try with you  
There's more to life than sleeping in  
And getting high with you  
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do  
And that just didn't sit right with you  
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose  
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose  
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose, yeah  
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it  
World's, world's, world's famous  
World's, world's, world's famous  
  
[Post-Hook]  
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way  
I've stopped listening to things you say  
Cause you don't mean it anyway, yeah  
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way  
Maybe we just should have did things my way  
Instead of the other way  
  
  
I tried with you  
There's more to life than sleeping in  
And getting high with you  
I had to let go of us to show myself what I could do  
And that just didn't sit right with you  
And now you're trying to make me feel a way, on purpose  
Now you're throwing it back in my face, on purpose  
Now you're talking down on my name, on purpose, yeah  
And you don't feel no way, you think I deserve it  
World's, world's, world's famous  
World's, world's, world's famous  
  
[Post-Hook]  
Yeah, yeah, yeah  
Yeah, yeah, yeah  
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way  
I've stopped listening to things you say  
Feel a way, feel a way, young nigga feel a way  
I've stopped listening to things you say

I'm more than just an option  
(hey, hey, hey)  
Refuse to be forgotten  
(hey, hey, hey)  
I took a chance with my heart  
(hey, hey, hey)  
And I feel it taking over  
  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I bet if I give all my love  
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart  
  
I'm more than just a number  
(hey, hey, hey)  
I doubt you'll find another  
(hey, hey, hey)  
So every single summer  
(hey, hey, hey)  
I'll be the one that you remember  
  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I bet if I give all my love  
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart  
  
It's more than just a mission  
(hey, hey, hey)  
You hear but you don't listen  
(hey, hey, hey)  
You better pay attention  
(hey, hey, hey)  
And get what you been missing  
  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I bet if I give all my love  
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart  
  
Too many times I've been wrong  
I guess being right takes too long  
I'm done waiting, there's nothing left to do  
But give all I have to you and  
I better find your lovin'  
I better find your heart  
I better find your lovin'  
I bet if I give all my love  
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart  
  
I bet if I give all my love  
Then nothing's gonna tear us apart.

Money just changed everything, I wonder how life without it would go  
From the concrete who knew that a flower would grow  
Lookin' down from the top and its crowded below  
My fifteen minutes started an hour ago  
Truth over fame, you know I respect the blatant sh!t  
When I hear talkin', I just don't know what to make of it  
Hate is so familiar to me, I'm slowly embracing it  
Doesn't come natural, bear with me it could take a bit  
Yeah, and my dreams who I'm racing with  
You can see I'm pacin' it so that I'm always chasin' it  
Wayne put me right here, that's who I get the paper with  
I hope that my success never alters our relationship  
Yeah, this life is something I would die for  
Octobers Own, but its lookin' like July 4th  
I just wish they'd let you try it first  
This time I'm really goin' off, fireworks  
  
Today it begins  
I missed them before, but won't miss them again  
I keep having the same dream  
And I think I just realized what it means.  
  
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks  
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks  
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks  
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh  
  
I'm just such a gentleman you should give it up for me  
Look at how I'm placing all my napkins and my cutlery  
I can tell it wasn't love I just thought you fuck with me  
Who coulda predicted love could strike now you stuck with me  
Damn I kept my wits about me luckily  
What happened between us that night it always seems to trouble me  
Now all of a sudden these gossip brags wanna cover me  
And you making it seem that it happened that way because of me  
But I was curious and I'll never forget it baby  
What an experience you coulda been the one but it wasn't that serious  
Their was smoke in the air before now its me clearing it  
That felt good, all and all I learned a lesson from it though  
You never see it coming you just get to see it go  
Yeah I shoulda looked up in the sky at first  
Now I can see it in her eyes, fireworks!  
  
Today it begins  
I missed them before, but won't miss them again  
I keep having the same dream  
And I think I just realized what it means.  
  
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks  
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks  
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks  
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh  
  
Everything the same but it feels different  
My dad called me up knowing that I still listen  
And he's still got his foot out, guilt trippin'  
It's been years, though, I just learn to deal with it  
For real, me and my realtor we built up a better rapport  
Got my mother in a place with some better decor  
She searched the entire city I let her explore  
Ant now she's sayin' she's more lonely than every before  
How many of our parents' marriages lasted?  
I was only five, I bet I barely reacted  
I'm flying back home for the heritage classic  
Searchin' for that feeling, tell me where is the magic?  
Let's stay together 'til we're ghosts  
I want to witness love, I've never seen it close  
Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first  
That's why I'm really going off, Fireworks  
  
Today it begins  
I missed them before, but won't miss them again  
I keep having the same dream  
And I think I just realized what it means.  
  
All I see is fireworks, all I see is fireworks  
Every night its fireworks every night its fireworks  
All I see is fireworks all I see is fireworks  
Taking off like fireworks takin' off like oh-ah-oh-oh

Tat my name on you girl so I know it's real  
Tat my fucking name on you so I know it's real  
  
  
Tell a bad bitch girl, lets go hang  
You know me, rolex, gold chain  
Fuck my young niggas, xo gang  
Get so drunk you forget yo name  
Incense, burning, smoking out to my own shit  
Got black wood in my white Range, I'm taking off when that light change  
I'm Drizzy Drake to my old bitches, Voodoo child to my new hoes  
I miss this and I want it back, So I'm all in with these new flows  
New flows, got new flows, rap is stress but it pays great  
Pimp flows 'n screw flows, my shit be sounding like grape tapes, now  
Lemme go an hit that cup, 1 time before a nigga hit that road  
These days keep going by too fast, so give anything that make shit go slow  
Yea, money in my safe, but I'm living dangerous  
They told me shit would change, but I don't really see no change in us  
  
  
Tat my name on you so I know it's real  
Tat my fucking name on you so I know it's real  
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it  
'Cause when I'm not around, I'll still be there in spirit  
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine  
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea  
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours  
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup  
  
  
I fondle the money, fornicate with a fortune  
I play with her mind, she masturbate with my Porsche  
It's simple love, simple math  
Her chest nice, not a wrinkle on her ass  
Puffin' purple hash welcome to my power circle  
Sucker free, no snitching, and we know when cowards working  
Rolls Royce rollin', rose gold rollie's  
Mba accountants, amounts they get unholy  
But mama still praying for her rubberband man  
  
When them wheels land, Travis Barker drums playin'  
Tap dance to my drum roll, I love a bitch that know to keep me one rolled  
  
  
Tat my name on you so I know it's real  
Tat my fucking name on you so I know it's real  
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it  
'Cause when I'm not around, I'll still be there in spirit  
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine  
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea  
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours  
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup  
  
  
I don't have to work in the morning so I always stay for 1 more  
Fuck what they say, I'm telling you there's no side effects I'm sure  
Went from driving up on some old shit, to drivers opening doors  
This is my town, if you need something just ask for it's yours  
Yea, ask for it's yours, if you ask for it it's done  
I could Western Union some money, get your passport and then come  
You'll meet everybody I know, at first it might seem like a lot  
But they're all playing their role, Put that on everything that I got  
And all I care about is my city, man I can't say it enough  
I done heard things about y'all that they can't say about us  
I just hold it down for my side, I just hold it down for my sect  
I give everybody a piece of this, and I make due what's left  
Yea I do this shit to the death, yea I do this shit till I'm gone  
Yea, I told you that it's our world, and you're foolish thinking I'm wrong  
Stop asking how the fucking needle feel, tat my fucking name on you, let these
niggas know it's real, wassup  
  
  
Tat my name on you so I know it's real  
Tat my fucking name on you so I know it's real  
I know it hurts, But I aint tryna hear it  
'Cause when I'm not around, I'll still be there in spirit  
You'll still be mine, yea, you'll still be mine  
Tat my fucking name on you, when I go you'll still be mine, yea  
You'll still be mine, yea, I'll still be yours  
Tat my fucking name on you, let em know you love the boy, wassup

  
D-D-D-Do That  
  
  
I got friends with money, and I got money too  
So we put it together and let you pick what to do  
And then we do it!  
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)  
Cause we can do it!  
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)  
I got friends with money, and I got money too  
So we put it together and let you pick what to do  
And then we do that!  
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)  
Cuz we can do that!  
(Little nigga, you know I'm gettin' money)  
  
  
Uh, Focus on women then you get less done  
It's light work, the flow is heavy like a wet sponge  
I'm gettin' rich 'cause I think bein broke is less fun  
Celebratin' Father's Day everyday, so don't get sonned  
Where you tryin' to go? I'm ready  
Pick any place in the world, the dough is comin' in steady  
I'm chillin' out with T, and Jay and Nico  
My city ain't a city that support they own people  
But I run it, you say something' about it? I doubt it  
I got this Gucci wallet, I do not leave home without it  
I'm bout it, I'm bout it, I'm standin' on these couches  
Sayin' Look  
I know girls love Beyonc??  
Girls love to fuck with your conscience  
Girls hate when niggas go missing and shawty you ain't no different  
These days it's hard to meet women  
Feel like my love life is finished  
I've been avoiding commitment  
That's why I'm in this position  
I'm scared to let somebody in on this  
No new friends, no no no  
You know how this shit go  
You got your fair share of admirers that call your phone  
You try to act like it's just me, but I'm not alone  
But if you're alone then, say my name, say my name  
  
  
Say my name, say my name  
When no one is around you  
Say, 'Baby, I love you'  
If you ain't running games  
Say my name, say my name  
You actin' kinda shady, baby  
Why the sudden change?  
Say my name  
Say my name  
Say my name  
Say my name, say my name  
If no one is around you  
  
Yeah  
Uh  
Say my name, say my name  
'Cause those other men are practice  
And this ain't no time for actin'  
And this ain't no time for games  
And this ain't no time for uncertainty  
And this ain't no time for locking your phone and not coming home  
and startin' some shit when I'm in the zone  
This is why I've been saying  
No new friends, no no no  
You know how this shit goes  
This is not four years ago  
Time escapes me  
Now forget how it felt when this shit move slow  
I come through in whips that make a young boy take the long way home  
All my young boys 'round me saying, 'Get money and fuck these hoes'  
Where we learn these values? I do not know what to tell you  
I'm just trying to find a reason not to go out every evening  
I need someone that'll help me think of someone besides myself  
I need someone I leave through the front door with  
'Cause we don't wanna hide no more  
'Cause you're not shy no more  
Neither one of us wanna play the side no more  
No, I'm not alone  
Even though nothing was the same  
Let me get your ass alone  
Let me make you say my name  
Say my name  
  


  
You've been home for three whole days  
Actin' like you got chores to do  
Boy this house is way too clean  
I don't think there's nothing more to do  
Oh, you don't need that girl, she did it all wrong  
You was still you before she ever came along  
Get over it, get over it  
I mean I understand the pain  
Someone did me the same  
I just put that nigga in his place then I got over it  
Then I got over it and if you wanna know the truth  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
I think you should just get dressed and go out tonight  
Go out tonight  
Order you a drink, don't even overthink  
Call a couple friends you know you can have some fun with  
And go out tonight, go out tonight  
Cause you might just meet me  
  
 (x2)  
And I'm lookin' for, and I'm lookin' for  
And I'm lookin' for somebody to be with  
And I'm lookin' for what you're lookin' for  
Yeah, you might just meet me

  
I am not a human, shout to all my moon men  
Yeah they call me Tune, got them bitches tuned in  
It's a crazy world, so I stay in mine  
And niggas don't cross the line, niggas stay in line  
Like welfare, I stay elsewhere  
Hotter than a devil? Nigga, hell yeah  
Rock-a-bye baby, homicide baby  
That's more tear drops, call me cry baby  
What you talking bout? Tell it to my 9  
Cut your tongue out, mail it to your moms  
I'm a young God, swagger unflawed  
Bitch, I'm in the building, you in the front yard  
Life's a bitch, naw, better yet a dumb broad  
And I bet I can fuck the world and make it cum hard  
Yeah, you boys is washed up  
And I'm shitting on em like two girls and one cup  
Weezy Baby aka Bring The Money Home  
Pull out the AK and pop you in your funny bone  
Laugh now, die later muthafucka  
You's a bitch like Zeta Phi Beta muthafucka  
  
  
Yeah, I call it how I see you  
I wish I never met you, I wouldn't wanna be you  
Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea  
Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea  
  
  
Man I'm so tired of balling, I sleep a lot now  
I'll let my goons rush you like Moscow  
Gun at your eyebrow, pow pow  
Man I ball hard even with five fouls  
Yeah, we in this bitch like tampons  
Dump you in the woods, now get your camp on  
Chokehold around this shit cause I'm so hands-on  
I get high as fuck and Polo sheets is what I lands on  
Back against the wall, my two feet is what I stand on  
Diva in the room, she blowing me just like a band horn  
Got her on her knees, the same knees that she be praying on  
Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, [Intro:]  
Oh yeah, oh yeaah  
Uh uh, oh yeah, oh yeah  
  
[Drake - Verse 1]  
Summer's mine  
I swear I said about a hundred times, I'mma need it back  
I wish that you would come and find me  
Just to tell me that I haven't changed, girl I needed that from you  
I'm getting money just taking care of me girl  
I'm spending time just taking care of me right now  
I'm getting money just taking care of me girl  
Should be tired of taking care of me right now  
  
  
But the good ones go  
The good ones go, if you wait too long  
But the good ones go  
The good ones go, if you wait too long  
So you should go  
You should go, before you stay too long  
  
  
Don't you go getting married, don't you go get engaged  
I know you're getting older, don't have no time to waste  
I shouldn't be much longer but you shouldn't have to wait  
Can't lose you, can't help it, I'm so sorry, I'm so selfish  
Uh, uh, I've been chilling in the city where the money's thrown high and the
girls get down  
In case you're starting to wonder why my new shit's sounding so H-town  
But when it's all done baby I'm yours if you're still around  
She knows, she knows, she knows  
  


  
Yeah, yeah  
Yeah, yeah  
Jheeze, yeah  
Right, look, look  
  
  
Tell me how you really feel, tell me how you really feel  
I would ask you what's the deal but y'all don't even got a deal  
Most niggas with a deal couldn't make a greatest hits  
Y'all a whole lot of things but you still ain't this  
I don't know no one that could tell me what to do  
Heard you never claimed the hood, heard the hood claimed you  
That can't sit well, oh well, ship sailed  
Still mine, all mine, cosign, cosign  
I pull up in yachts so big that they try to hit me with boat fines  
Hype Williams, Big Pimpin', yeah, just like the old times  
Same niggas from the old days, lot of sides on the same side  
OVO we a gold mine but I'm goin' gold in no time  
Doing plat, plat only, boys better back off me  
Hall of fame, hall of fame, like I'm shirt off, like I'm shirt off  
Like I'm shirt off shorty, whole city goin' crazy  
Whole city goin' crazy, top 5 no debating  
Top 5, top 5, top 5 and the whole city rate me  
And I'm back inside a matrix and I said that we would make it  
Aim squad with some traitors, knew my niggas from the basement  
This ain't no met-along-the-way shit, we done really put some days in  
  
  
Hey why you so excited? You know what I'm sayin'?  
What happened?  
Did you win the Grammy? God damn  
You acting like you fucking won a trophy and shit  
This nigga turnt the fuck up  
  
  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
Swervin' out the Panoramic  
I'm hangin' out, they can't stand me  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
I'm showin' out, they can't stand me  
I'm showin out, they can't stand me  
I'm swervin' off, they can't stand me  
I'm err off, can't stand me  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
  
  
Gonna peel off like a bandit  
I'm noddin' off on a Xanax  
Get pissed off, start airin' it  
Get a head start, ain't friendly  
I stand out, I don't blend in  
When I say that I meant that  
I don't want to talk to you has-beens  
I don't want features from nan them  
I don't want features or nothin'  
You can't even get on my guest list  
They want me to go to the Met Gala  
I want a Percocet and a gallon  
That Actavis Hi-Tech it don't matter  
We sittin' right on the courtside  
I know the players on both side  
I'm cashin' out, fuck a cosign  
I wear the chain like a bowtie  
I wear the ring like a fo'-five  
Keep a fo'-five for the po' guys  
Black tints, low profile  
Celebratin' everyday cause I'm really really fresh out the coke house  
Countin' up every single day  
'Bout to bring a whole 'nother whip out  
  
  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
Swervin' out the Panoramic  
I'm hangin' out, they can't stand me  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
I'm showin' out, they can't stand me  
I'm showin' out, they can't stand me  
I'm swervin' off, they can't stand me  
I'm err off, can't stand me  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy  
They gon' think I won a Grammy

I got my eyes on you,  
You're everything that I see  
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly  
I can't get over you,  
You left your mark on me  
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
You act so different around me  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
I know exactly who you could be  
  
Just hold on we're going home  
Just hold on we're going home  
It's hard to do these things alone  
Just hold on we're going home, ho oh  
  
I got my eyes on you,  
You're everything that I see  
I want your hot love and emotion, endlessly  
I can't get over you,  
You left your mark on me  
I want your high love and emotion, endlessly  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
You act so different around me  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
I know exactly who you could be  
  
So just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)  
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
Ho oh (goin' home)  
  
You're the girl  
You're the one  
Gave you every  
Thing I love  
I think there's something  
Baby  
I think there's something  
Baby  
  
You're the girl,  
You're the one  
Gave you every  
Thing I love  
I think there's something  
Baby  
I think there's something  
Baby  
  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
You act so different around me  
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it  
I know exactly who you could be  
  
Oh just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)  
Just hold on we're going home (goin' home)  
Ho oh (goin' home)  
  
(Hold on, hold on)  


  
You used to call me on my,  
You used to, you used to,  
Yeah  
  
  
You used to call me on my cell phone,  
Late night when you need my love,  
Call me on my cell phone,  
Late night when you need my love  
And I know when that hotline bling  
That can only mean one thing,  
I know when that hotline bling,  
That can only mean one thing  
  
  
Ever since I left the city you,  
Got a reputation for yourself now  
Everybody knows and I feel left out,  
Girl you got me down, you got me stressed out,  
Cause ever since I left the city, you,  
Started wearing less and goin' out more,  
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor  
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before,  
  
  
You used to call me on my cell phone,  
Late night when you need my love,  
Call me on my cell phone  
Late night when you need my love  
I know when that hotline bling  
That can only mean one thing  
I know when that hotline bling  
That can only mean one thing  
  
  
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you  
You and me we just don't get along,  
You make me feel like I did you wrong,  
Going places where you don't belong,  
Ever since I left the city, you,  
You got exactly what you asked for,  
Running out of pages in your passport,  
Hanging with some girls I've never seen before  
  
  
You used to call me on my cell phone,  
Late night when you need my love,  
Call me on my cell phone,  
Late night when you need my love,  
And I know when that hotline bling,  
That can only mean one thing,  
I know when that hotline bling,  
That can only mean one thing  
  
  
These days, all I do is  
Wonder if you're bendin' over backwards for someone else,  
Wonder if you're rolling up a backwoods for someone else,  
Doing things I taught you gettin' nasty for someone else  
You don't need no one else,  
You don't need nobody else, no,  
Why you never alone,  
Why you always touching road.  
Used to always stay at home, be a good girl.  
You was in the zone, yeah.  
You should just be yourself.  
Right now, you're someone else  
  
  
You used to call me on my cell phone  
Late night when you need my love  
Call me on my cell phone  
Late night when you need my love  
And I know when that hotline bling  
That can only mean one thing  
I know when that hotline bling  
That can only mean one thing  
  
  
Ever since I left the city...

That's what I'm talking about though, like you changed up  
You don't even fucking link nobody no more, you just dashing away like a Taxi  
Yo, you cheesed me dog  
  
  
Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture  
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you  
Crazy how even when it miss ya, shit'll come back around and get ya  
Crazy like all my niggas, crazy like all my niggas  
Remember I deleted all my other girls numbers out the phone for you?  
Remember when you had to take the bar exam, I drove in the snow for you  
You probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you  
  
  
Ya, you ain't really fuck with me way back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
Aw, you thought you had it all figured out back then girl, how bout now?  
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now  
You thought the little effort that you put in was enough girl, how bout now?  
Girl how bout now? How bout now girl?  
What about now girl? How bout now?  
  
  
Always been daddy's little angel  
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you  
I had no money, left from back when I was focused on the music  
I used to always try and burn you cds of my new shit  
You be like [Intro: Baka]  
Man don't live of a di hype huh?  
Real ting ay  
  
  
Yeah, I pull up in Lexus' like it's '07  
I just hit a lick, I got to hit a next one  
Last year I know you learned your lesson  
I could GPS you if you need addressin'  
Boss up, I'm the bigger homie  
But I'm one year older than my lil homie  
'09 they was biddin' on me  
But I'm Young Money, got it written on me  
Ok now we got some action  
Everything I said, it happened  
That boy light as Michael Jackson  
But off verses, he been blackin'  
Chasin' women a distraction  
They wan' be on TV right next to me  
You cannot be here right next to me  
Don't you see Riri right next to me?  
I hate a rapper especially  
They feel the same, but they hide it  
They just discuss it in private  
Don't get along man, we tried it  
What's the point in even tryin'?  
I hate a goofy especially  
They always dyin' to mention me  
They gotta die out eventually  
I cannot give you the recipe  
You know the game is sold separately  
Swear I just had an epiphany  
It cost me 50 at Tiffany's  
Shout out to Tiffany, Stephanie  
They used to always come check for me  
My enemies wanna be friends with my other enemies  
I don't let it get to me  
  
  
Done  
Look what I've done in my life  
I had to count it and count it again  
To make sure the money was right  
They love to talk  
Me, I'm just dunning the hype  
Me, I'm just dunning the hype  
Me I'm just done, done, done, done, done  
  
  
I don't take this shit for granted  
I do my own propaganda  
I feel like Juelz Santana  
Leg hangin' out the Phantom  
6 cold like Alaska  
Views already a classic  
Roy outta here like NASA  
Bustin' 1's out the plastic  
Her gram too poppin' to fuck her  
The chain too heavy to tuck it, I'm serious  
I feed my family with this  
So don't play with my money this summer, I'm serious  
I don't run out of material  
You shouldn't speak on me, period  
You try to give 'em your side of the story  
They heard it, but they wasn't hearin' it  
They feeling a way and won't hide it  
Niggas done being silent  
Don't get along man, we tried it  
What's the point of even tryin'?  
I hate a goofy especially  
They always dyin' to mention me  
They gotta go, they gotta go  
They gonna die out eventually  
I cannot give 'em no empathy  
I'ma have B's when I'm 70  
They cannot fuck with the legacy  
I don't know what else is left for me  
After this no one a threat to me  
My enemies wanna be friends with my other enemies  
I don't let it get to me  
  
  
Done  
Look what I've done in my life  
I had to count it and count it again  
To make sure the money was right  
They love to talk  
Me, I'm just done in the hype  
Me, I'm just done in the hype  
Me I'm just done, done, done, done, done

  
Emotions in this game run deep  
So before these haters kill me in my sleep  
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure  
Reppin' 'til my last second through  
Done a lot of shit they'll never get to do  
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure  
Honored to be somebody they mention  
But before these niggas stop payin' attention  
I'll just say it's been a pleasure  
You'll never be somebody they need  
Tomorrow ain't guaranteed  
So tonight we gon' do it like this  
Oh, for the H-Town  
Tonight I'm gon' make some money go  
For the H-Town  
  
Ladies and gentlemen,  
You're now listenin' to the Dirty South trillionaire ('naire)  
Keepin' it trill in there, been here and he's still in there (there)  
Pay attention, it's the beginnin' of a new era (era)  
Get a little closer you can see the view clearer (view clearer)  
It's like Lasik but are basic  
Ebonics if you're hooked on chronic and you can taste it  
Trace it, recognize the real when ya face it  
Ball up in the club gettin white boy wasted  
One shot of Patron, then another one to chase it  
Put me to the test, I won't pass it I'll ace it  
Been so many places, up and down the interstate  
Cities that I've never been, wonderin' if they fin' to hate  
Step up in the spot, let 'em look me in the grill (grill)  
So they can see it for they self that I keep it trill (I keep it trill)  
I paid the cost to be the boss and left a tip  
So it's all good (good) don't even trip  
Believe me it's been a pleasure  
  
  
  
Man I've been all over the world  
Tryin' to tell 'em 'bout the trill and what we been through (through)  
What we already done and what we fin' do (do)  
What we got into, what we gettin' into (to)  
When ties 'bout to cut it closer than a Ginsu ('su)  
Roll through Atlanta, Birmingham, Alabama ('bama)  
Jacksonville to Jackson, Mississippi spittin' grammar (spittin' grammar)  
From Shreveport ('port) down to New Orleans ('leans)  
And all points in between just to get the cream (cream)  
Me and my [Drake]  
Uhh, this verse starts as my snipers hit their marks  
And ya guards fall down from a rifle to the heart  
Like clap clap, let em fall slow  
I know you had you fears you can let them all go  
And most women are motivated so I act accordingly  
But this is so refreshing that it means a little more to me  
Dedicating time when I really can't afford to be  
I provide protection if you open up the door for me  
Couple stares, couple texts, couple dates  
Couple 'i think that we're ready's'  
Couple 'i think we should wait's'  
Are we acting like a couple, I'm just trying to get it straight  
Cause I'm over here convinced that it's too early for mistakes  
  
[Jhene Aiko - Chorus]  
You had to change up the game  
Oh the weather is not the same  
Now there's only cloudy days  
I can't stand the rain in July  
Oh July  
There were fireworks exploding (exploding)  
But now it's getting colder  
The leafs are turning colours  
Why, it's just not our season  
The one and only reason  
Baby oh baby oh  
When summer turn into fall  
  
[Drake - Verse 2]  
Damn, tell me where did all the magic go  
I follow all the rules and told you everything you had to know  
Had you over every night, every night was passionate  
Plus you met my mother even if it was an accident  
I'm confused tell me where we go wrong  
I wish shorty I would be with you so long  
I was planning on being something worth mentioning  
Energy invested in someone I saw potential in  
Who killed Chivalry they need to get their sentencing  
Meanwhile we argue and I can't get a sentence in  
And just as I predicted here we go again  
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end  
  
  
  
  
See it's funny cause I never thought this would end but then the season
changed  
  
You are my, you are my, you are my girl (I was your girl)  
Shoulda made, shoulda made, shoulda made you my World  
Shoulda made you everything to make you happy baby  
  
Can't wait for, can't wait for, can't wait for springtime  
And I will turn into a butterfly  
I will spread my wings and fly  
And I'm too fly for the sh-t  
Ohhh, I am Japanese if you please

  
When I pull up on a nigga  
Tell that nigga back back  
I'm too good with these words  
Watch a nigga backtrack  
If I die, all I know is I'm a mother fuckin legend  
It's too late for my city  
I'm the youngest nigga reppin  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend  
  
  
I'm on first, I'm on tour  
Got a girl, she from the South  
Used to work, used to dance in Texas  
Now she clean the house  
Everyday, I was strugglin' to learn what life's about  
On my way, money taught me Spanish  
Make it andale  
Way up north, packed in Honda cars  
They 'ont know who we are  
Fuck em all, they only pussy niggas shootin at the star  
Right or wrong, I'ma write my wrongs  
They can't live this long  
You don't know where you're gonna go  
I got this shit mapped out strong  
  
[Pre-Hook]  
  
  
When I pull up on a nigga  
Tell that nigga back back  
I'm too good with these words  
Watch a nigga backtrack  
If I die, all I know is I'm a mother fuckin legend  
It's too late for my city  
I'm the youngest nigga reppin  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend  
  
  
I'm the one, one  
Why do I feel like the only one?  
Why do I feel like you owe me one?  
6 G-O-D I'm the holy one  
Yeaaah, you know wassup  
They been off for a minute now  
You know they all sentimental now  
You know they all actin' different now  
And I, I just can't pretend  
Seen too much, it's so hard for me to let new people in  
I can't change, this shit set in stone  
They can't live this long  
You don't know where you're gonna go  
I got this shit mapped out strong  
  
  
When I pull up on a nigga  
Tell that nigga back back  
I'm too good with these words  
Watch a nigga backtrack  
If I die, all I know is I'm a mother fuckin legend  
It's too late for my city  
I'm the youngest nigga reppin  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend  
Oh my God, oh my God  
If I die, I'm a legend

  
Uh, when did you get like this  
Least you coulda done is gone an give me a warning  
I don't regret like this  
So I'll be right there when you wake up in the morning  
Saying, this just ain't my style  
You can't say you're happy either  
You don't even smile, for me  
  
  
Did you agree, we should let it be  
And did you agree, it's a must,  
Let's call the whole thing off  
We used to had enough of us  
Let's call the whole thing off  
We used to had enough of us  
  
  
When you decided to knock on my door  
Did you remember what happened before  
The look on your face said you were expecting more  
But some things look better inside of the store  
  
  
Did you agree, we should let it be  
And did you agree, it's a must,  
Let's call the whole thing off  
We used to had enough of us  
Let's call the whole thing off  
We used to had enough of us  
  
  
Leave me, leave me, I can't fkn stand you  
Wish I had the courage to say everything I planned to  
My girlfriend, my girlfriend, call herself my girlfriend  
Tell me that we posed to be together til the world end  
But, ion really feel that  
I just really wanna turn the wheels back  
Give you all ya sweaters and ya heels back  
Convince you that time will heal that  
Uh, you look for reasons for us to argue  
I swear everytime I call  
You jus tell me how I don't call you  
Why you do that... Do that... Do that  
Yeah  
  
  
Did you agree, we should let it be  
And did you agree, it's a must,  
  
  
  
I'm Tryin To Do It All Tonight, I Got Plans  
I Got A Certain Lust For Life, And As It Stands  
Everything Is Goin' As Right, As It Can  
They Tryna Shoot Down My Flight,  
Before It Lands... Before It Lands  
  
But You Can Miss Me With All That,  
Diss Me Then Crawl Back,  
I Really Wish Ya'll Would Fall Back,  
But Gettin' Rich Suppose To Solve That,  
And These Days Women Make Offers,  
And Who The Hell Am I To Say (No, No, No),  
My Ex Send Late Night Text,  
Cause She Don't Know How To Let (Go, Go, Go),  
She In Love,  
And As For Them Pretty Light Skinned Models Standin' In The Cold,  
Aw Yah They With Us,  
Let Them Girls In For A Drink,  
And I'm All, In They Ear,  
Saying She Should Be The One I See,  
Everytime, That I'm Here,  
But When Am I Really Even Here,  
Black Surburban With The Tint On It,  
Fresher Than A Pillow With A Mint On It,  
The Game Got These Old Hand Prints On It,  
But Imma Be The One To Pour Cement On It,  
Uh, And Start Over,  
And Show Up In A Mars Yellow Tux,  
I Don't Really Give A fuck And We Only Gettin' Older,  
So What I Tend To Do, Is To Think Of Today As The Past,  
It's Funny When You're Coming In First,  
But You Hope That You Last (You Just Hope That It Lasts)  
  
Throw Your One's Up In The Air  
Throw Your One's Up In The Air For Her  
Throw Your One's Up In The Air  
Throw Your One's Up

  
Breathe through, ride through, damn girl  
Oh man I don't know  
Pilled up filled up damn girl  
I'll be getting back to you for sure, man man  
Laced up dripped up sauced up  
Damn girl I wanna ride with you  
Waved up blowing up blowing up growing up  
Had to get it popping with you  
  
  
What if I pick you up from your house  
We should get out  
We haven't talked in a while  
We should roll to see where it goes  
I saw potential in you from the go  
You know that I did  
I don't know if you know but I know who you are  
You could be big as Madonna  
Just get in the car and let's touch the road  
Don't make other plans  
Say you get up early, you work for the man  
Well he'll understand  
Pull up I'm pulling up on you in ten  
Already on ten  
Big as Madonna I'll say it again  
Soon as you get in nah nah nah  
  
  
Breathe through, ride through, damn girl  
Oh man I don't know  
Pilled up filled up damn girl  
I'll be getting back to you for sure, man man  
Laced up dripped up sauced up  
Damn girl I wanna ride with you  
Waved up blowing up blowing up growing up  
Had to get it popping with you

Hello, yeah I just walked in, yeah I'm good you still working?  
Tonight, right now? 'Did I go out' yeah I went out, I went, I went to a couple
of clubs  
I never went to bed, shit' wine or water  
You should see someone about a cold drink, I don't know, I'm delirious' night'  
  
Cups of the Rose  
Bitches in my old phone  
I should call one and go home  
I've been in this club too long  
The woman that I would try  
Is happy wit a good guy  
But I've been drinking so much  
That I'ma call her anyway and say  
  
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad  
I know you still think about the times we had  
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found  
And since you picked up I know he's not around  
  
  
  
I'm just sayin', you could do better  
Tell me have you heard that lately?  
I'm just sayin' you could do better  
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me  
  
Uh, cups of the XO  
All my people been here  
I see all of her friends here  
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more  
Flights in the morning  
What you doing that's so important?  
I've been drinking so much  
That I'ma call you anyway and say  
  
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad  
I know you still think about the times we had  
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found  
And since you picked up I know he's not around oh  
  
  
I'm just sayin', you could do better  
Tell me have you heard that lately  
I'm just sayin' you could do better  
And I'll start hatin', only if you make me  
  
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures  
And sittin' talkin' 'bout bitches  
That we almost had  
I don't think I'm conscious of making monsters  
Outta the women that I sponsor til it all goes bad  
But shit it's all good  
We threw a party, yeah we threw a party  
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party  
I was just calling cause they were just leaving  
Talk to me please, don't have much to believe in  
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?  
Too many drinks have been given to me  
I got some women that's living off me  
Paid for their flights and hotels I'm ashamed  
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names  
After a while girl they all seem the same  
I've had sex four times this week I'll explain  
Having a hard time adjusting to fame  
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy girl  
I'm lucky that you picked up  
Lucky that you stayed on  
I need someone to put this weight on  
  
I am on that 24 hour  
Champagne diet spillin while I'm sippin  
I encourage you to try it  
I'm probably just saying that cause I don't have to buy it  
The club owner supply it  
Boy I'm on that fly shit  
I am, what everybody in my past don't want me to be  
Guess what, I made it  
I'm the mother fucking man  
I just want you to see  
Come take a look, get a load of this nigga  
Quit fronting on me  
Don't come around and try to gas me up I like runnin on E  
I I I I'm on my disneyg shit  
Goofy flow on records I'm Captin Hook  
And my new car is Rupio  
Damn where my roof just go  
I'm somebody that you should know  
Get to shaking something cause that's what Drama produced it fo'  
Yes I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for  
Leaving girls that love me and constantly seducing hoes  
I'm losing my thoughts I said damn where my roof just go  
Top slipped off like Janet at the Super Bowl  
  
I got 'em  
He can't, they can't, and I can't blame 'em  
Since I got famous bitch, I got money to blow  
Gettin it in, letting these bills fall  
All over your skin  
Got money to blow oh oh oh oh oh oh

I love you so much!  
But I hate what you've done  
I know from here things will never be the same  
And things will probably never change  
I know what we want  
Isn't exactly what god had planned  
Hey it's all I can do is  
Hope you can see the difference  
And prey for the best  
Please don't forget me!  
  
I should let you fall in love with  
Someone else girl  
I live in L. A  
You in Chicago  
You're not patient  
I'm not patient  
We shouldn't be together  
I think we shouldn't be together  
No more no (no more no)  
Just think I'm where it all beginning  
You're the envy of your prince  
Plus you know you're not yourself any more  
The miracle of change  
But if we got together it will never be the same like before girl  
And I'm sorry  
I said I'm sorry girl  
  
She said look me in my fucking eyes and say it  
But tell me am I wrong for what I'm saying  
  
Is it wrong for me to tell these women what they wanna hear  
Try to control us  
You wanna hold us down  
Yeah you really wanna hold us down  
Yeah you really wanna hold us  
  
All I asked is for a chance to prove that money can't really make me happy  
Crazy how I blew myself from fucked up predicaments  
I mean women inspire me to great things  
  
I need to grow some fucking confidence  
And why you gotta say the last words  
And if I tell you how I really felt  
(There probably end up being another argument candy girl,  
You know everything you thought of me came from yourself)  
Yeah  
And that shit starts to get old  
And I don't mean to say the most  
But you know how they say you are who you hang with?  
  
Is it wrong for me to tell these women what they wanna hear  
  
You know how they say  
If you love somebody  
That don't love you back  
Love them anyway

We both wake up, staring at the sky  
Don't remember how we got here but we don't wonder why  
Right now we living life like there's no way we can die  
But we bout to do our thing they couldn't stop us if they try  
Keep the weapon for the haters if they try to blow our high  
How the fuck would they stop us if we by each other's side  
We were meant to be together we get inside  
How the hell would they kill us when we're feeling so alive  
  
Ooh girl I know you want a G  
It's kinda hard not to notice me  
Cause I'm right here where you wanna be  
I can take you where you wanna go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.  
  
Baby I can give what you want and everything you need  
Put us both in a position where we can both succeed  
And if it takes a sacrifice I promise I will bleed  
All the blessings that I get I promise you'll receive  
Fuck them other niggas all they do is deceive  
Let me take away your pain, my job is to relieve  
  
Ooh girl I know you want a G  
It's kinda hard not to notice me  
Cause I'm right here where you wanna be  
I can take you where you wanna go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, seen ya picture  
Now they wanna grab a gun and come and getcha  
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, seen ya picture  
Now they wanna grab a gun and come and getcha  
One time for the homie dj screw  
Already I'm feelin' throwed in this bitch  
  
I'm so high even when I'm comin' down  
Just met a girl, said she from the H-Town  
I said my name is Drizzy and ain't nobody realer  
A cup inside a cup smokin' ghost face killah  
Got these boppers goin' crazy  
  
Nigga, I'm the man, I sent your girl message  
Said I see you when I can  
She send me one back but I ain't never read it  
'Cause pussies only pussy and I get it when I need it and  
  
I'm tellin' you when homies runnin' down in the winter  
And I be riding rims with tires in it thinner  
Air force stun fly charters over seas full of Don Perian  
And the water for the D's  
  
Don't know why it happens every time we alone  
But here we are again and I swear I'm in my zone  
So I'ma sip this drink till that motherfucker gone  
Than you go get undressed and we gon' get it on  
  
I don't give you the time you deserve from me  
This is something I know, I know, I know  
So tonight I'll just fuck you like we're in Houston  
Taking everything slow so slow, so slow but I do it to her  
  
Draped up and dripped out know what I'm talkin' 'bout  
Three in the morning get it poppin' in the parking lot  
It's on once again and I never pretend  
A nigga stay G till the end, yeah  
  
I swear like every time we find ourself in this situation  
I just get that feeling like I mean Houston candy paint  
Switching colors in the light, it's about like 11 P. M.  
And you just roaming through the city bumpin' that screw  
  
Big Mo, ugk, Lil Keke  
It feel like everything just moving slow  
Let's take my time, I pace it, baby  
Yeah, I'm gone

  
Baby I like your style  
  
  
Lips on your neck  
We're never too close now  
Nothing like you and me  
I don't know your name  
But I'm sure that you know me  
A little life with the music  
The feeling is mutual  
Loving the way you move on me  
Skin so soft, hands on my face to be directed  
And you're all that I can see  
You give the baddest one in here a run for their money  
And when this song comes on, you know  
  
  
I need a one dance  
1942 in my hand  
One more time 'fore I go  
Body lockin', put a hold on me  
I need a one dance  
1942 in my hand  
One more time 'fore I go  
Body lockin', put a hold on me  
  
  
You know, I like that you're wild  
So make your way over here right now  
We only got a little while  
Just thinkin' out loud  
Celebrate life with me babe  
Don't be in a rush to go now  
Oh girl  
  
  
I need a one dance  
1942 in my hand  
One more time 'fore I go  
Body lockin', put a hold on me  
I need a one dance  
1942 in my hand  
One more time 'fore I go  
Body lockin', put a hold on me  
  
  
Hold on me  
Yeah, yeah, yeah  
One more dance is all I need  
One more dance is all I need  
Oh, oh, oh

I know way too many people here right now  
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?  
I swear it feels like the last few nights  
We been everywhere and back  
But I just can't remember it all  
  
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?  
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me  
I'm doin' me  
I'm livin' life right now, mayne  
  
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over  
'Til it's over  
But it's far from over  
  
Bottles on me, long as someone drink it  
Never drop the ball, fuck are y'all thinkin'?  
Makin' sure the Young Money ship is never sinkin'  
'Bout to set it off, in this bitch, Jada Pinkett  
I shouldn't've drove, tell me how I'm gettin' home  
You too fine to be layin' down in bed alone  
I could teach you how to speak my language, Rosetta Stone  
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I've ever known  
'Bout to go Thriller Mike Jackson on these niggas  
All I need's a fucking red jacket with some zippers  
Super good smiddoke, a package of the swishers  
I did it overnight, it couldn't happen any quicker  
Y'all know them? Well, fuck it, me either  
But point the biggest skeptic out, I'll make him a believer  
It wouldn't be the first time I done it, throwin' hundreds  
When I should be throwin' ones, bitch, I run it (Ah)  
  
I know way too many people here right now  
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?  
I swear it feels like the last few nights  
We been everywhere and back  
But I just can't remember it all  
  
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?  
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me  
I'm doin' me  
I'm livin' life right now, mayne  
  
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over  
'Til it's over  
But it's far from over  
  
One thing 'bout music, when it hits you feel no pain  
And I swear I got that shit that make these bitches go insane  
So they tell me that they love me, I know better than that, it's just game  
It's just what comes with the fame, and I'm ready for that, I'm just sayin'  
But I really can't complain, everything is kosher  
Two thumbs up, Ebert and Roeper  
I really can't see the end getting any closer  
But I probly still be the man when everything is over  
So I'm riding through the city with my high beams on  
Can you see me? Can you see me? Get your Visine on  
Y'all just do not fit the picture, turn your widescreen on  
If you thinkin' I'm a quit before I die, dream on  
Man, they treat me like a legend, am I really this cold?  
I'm really too young to be feelin' this old  
It's about time you admit it, who you kiddin', man?  
Man, nobody's never done it like I did it (Ugh)  
  
I know way too many people here right now  
That I didn't know last year, who the fuck are y'all?  
I swear it feels like the last few nights  
We been everywhere and back  
But I just can't remember it all  
  
What am I doin'? What am I doin'?  
Oh, yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me  
I'm doin me  
I'm livin' life right now, mayne  
  
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over  
'Til it's over  
But it's far from over  
Yeah, that's right, I'm doin' me  
I'm doin me  
I'm livin' life right now, mayne  
  
And this what I'm a do 'til it's over  
'Til it's over  
But it's far from over

How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter  
'Cause you know I'm okay  
Instead, I ask myself Own It  
It's yours  
  
Yours  
You're still the one that I adore  
Ain't much out there to have feelings for  
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?  
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?  
Yours  
A few bottles on the table, a few waters  
It ain't a secret, baby, everybody saw us  
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?  
Guess who's it is?  
It's yours  
  
Next time we fuck, I don't want to fuck, I want to make love  
Next time we talk, I don't want to just talk, I want to trust  
Next time I stand tall I want to be standing for you  
And next time I spend I want it all to be for you  
Peaking, I'm peaking, wake up with me this weekend, weekend  
Guess who's it is?  
Guess who's it is? Guess who's it is?  
It's yours  
  
Own it  
I said go own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Own that shit, go own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Go own that shit  
  
Own it  
I said go own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Own that shit, go own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Own that shit, own that shit  
Go own that shit  
  
Niggas talk more than bitches these days  
Just let that shit sink in  
Niggas talk more than bitches these days  
Who could get the pussy quicker these days  
Still straight with the weed and the liquor these days  
Cause the new drugs got the kids trippin' these days  
Bunch of journalists been searchin' for a story  
My ex-girl been searchin' for a Intro:  
  
  
I talk, slicker, than a, pimp from Augusta  
Who just had his linen suit dry cleaned  
Bitches what's up witcha  
I hate callin' the women butches, but the bitches love it  
I took some sence and made a nickle of it  
I'm urgin' all daughters to kiss they mothers  
With those lips that all that lipstick covers  
You're never too groen up to miss and hug her  
And girls countin' on me to be there like missin' rubers  
I'm on some Marvin Gaye shit, a bunch of distant lovers  
This ain't the life that I'm used to  
Re-introduced to people I've been intoduced to  
Did you forget me?  
Or are you took scared to tell me that you met me and fear that I wont  
Remember  
I wish you could still accept me for me  
I miss Memphis, Tennessee, my cousins, my dad  
The simplistic beauty that all them southerners had  
I'm half way across the world with dozens of bags  
Feelin' like all four members of Color Me Badd  
In one nigga, amazin' shit  
I got that Courtney Love for ya, that crazy shit  
Ion drink every bottle I own  
I be agin' shit  
And I got them wedding ring flows that engaging shit  
Which one of y'all got fleets on your key chains  
The seats to these Heat games  
I think that you stare at yourself and you see things  
La familia, I've been inducted and instucted  
To stunt on these niggas we don't really fuck with  
Fuck is up?  
Havin' lunch and debatin' Ferrari prices  
23 and goin' through a mid-life crisis  
But tust me I still deliver like a mid-wife  
And no I'm not syin' I'm the nicest  
I just live life like it  
Uh, It a certain type of man to teach  
To be far from hood  
But to understand the streets  
I never threw away that paper with my grammy speech  
Because I haven't hit the pinnacles I plan to reach  
Yeah, You gotta own it if you want it  
  
  
Would've came back for you  
I just needed time  
To do what I had to do  
Caught in the life  
I can't let it go  
Whether that's right  
I wont ever know  
  
Hope you forgive me  
Never meant wrong  
Tried to be patient  
It waited to long  
But I would've came back  
But I would've came back for you  
Would've came back  
Would've came back

Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it  
Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high, hands up high, hands up high  
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood  
I'm talking 'bout dark room, perfume  
Go, go!  
  
I recognize your fragrance (hol' up!)  
You ain't never gotta say (woo!)  
And I know your taste is  
A little bit (mmm) high maintenance (ooh)  
Everybody else basic  
You live life on an everyday basis  
With poetic justice, poetic justice  
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?  
I mean I write poems in these songs dedicated to you  
When you're in the mood for empathy, theres blood in my pen  
Better yet where your friends and them?  
I really wanna know you all  
I really wanna show you off  
Fuck that, pour up plenty of champagne  
Cold nights when you this name  
You called up your girlfriends and  
Y'all curled in that little bitty Range I heard that  
She wanna go and party, she wanna go and party  
don't approach her with that Atari  
that ain't good game, homie, sorry  
They say conversation, rule a nation, I can tell  
But I could never right my wrongs  
'less I write it down for real, P.S  
  
  
You can get it, you can get it  
You can get it, you can get it  
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want  
Poetic justice, put it in a song  
  
I really hope you play this  
'Cause ol' girl you test my patience  
With all these s photographs and all these one off vacations  
You've been taken  
Clearly a lot for me to take in  
It don't make sense  
Young East African Girl, you too busy with your other man  
I was trying to put you on game, put you on a plane  
Take you and your mama to the motherland  
I could do it, maybe one day  
When you figure out you're gonna need someone  
When you figure out it's all right here in the city  
And you don't run from where we come from  
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice  
You were so new to this life but God you got adjusted  
I mean I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun  
Your natural hair and your soft skin, and your big in that sundress (ooh  
Good God, what you doing that walk for?  
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less  
And we would talk more  
And they say communication save relations, I can tell  
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write them down for real  
P.S  
  
  
  
Every time I write these words they become a taboo  
Making sure my punctuation curve, every letter is true  
Living my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof  
I'm talking poetic justice, poetic justice  
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?  
I mean you need to hear this  
Love is not just a verb, it's you looking in the mirror  
Love is not just a verb, it's you looking for a maybe  
Call me crazy, We can both be insane  
A fatal attraction is common  
And what we have common is pain  
I mean you need to hear this  
Love is not just a verb and I can see power steering  
drive when you swerve, I want that interference  
It's coherent, I can hear it, mmhmm  
That's your heartbeat  
It either caught me or it called me, mmhmm  
Breathe slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines  
Sincerely, yours truly  
And right before you go blind  
P.S  
  


Cash money shit, cash money shit  
  
I can tell that money's got you working  
We've been talking for so long  
Now we're finally here in person  
I taste pain and regret, in your sweat  
You've been waiting for me, oh ho  
I can tell that you been practicing  
I can tell that you been practicing  
All those other men were practice, they were practice  
Yeah, for me, for me, for me, for me  
  
Girl you look good won't you back that ass up  
You a fine motherfucker won't you back that ass up  
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up  
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up  
You working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah  
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah  
  
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah  
Make a nigga spend his cash yeah, his last yeah  
Hoes frown when you pass yeah, they mad yeah  
Couple thousand on your bag yeah, fuck yeah  
I'm a big timer nigger yeah, money flipper yeah  
Get it understood yeah, it's all good yeah  
Girl I know it's real cause I've been around it  
You only want what's real you just never found it  
Don't give them no more chances, ooh girl they had their turn  
Everything for a reason, there's things you had to learn from them  
But when I get you to myself  
You know what's going down, what's going down  
  
Girl you look good won't you back that ass up  
You a fine motherfucker won't you back that ass up  
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up  
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up  
You working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah  
Girl you working with some ass yeah, you bad yeah  
  
I know he messed up  
But let a real nigger make it right  
Let a real nigger make it right, you deserve that much  
Let me put something in your life  
Let me put something in your life, put something in your life  
You telling me it's only been a couple other people that you've been with  
I'ma trust you I'ma give you the benefit of the doubt, and I'ma love you  
You can even call me daddy, I'll give you something to look up to  
All my girls from the five o four, need to drop it right now,  
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four, need to drop it
right now  
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four need to drop it
right now  
Need to drop it right now, all my girls from the five o four, need to drop it
right now  
Need to drop it right now  
  
After you back it up then stop  
After you back it up then stop  
Baby girl, after you back it up then stop  
After you back it up then stop  
  
I can tell that money's got you working  
Got your body so wet  
Now we're finally here in person  
I taste pain and regret, In your sweat  
You've been waiting for me, oh ho  
I can tell that you been practicing  
I can tell that you been practicing  
All those other men were practice, they were practice  
Yeah, for me, for me, for me, for me

  
Yeah, I get it  
I get it  
Yeah  
  
  
Why would I say all these things to have you feelin' a way?  
Why would I tell you I'm 30 away if I'm not on the way?  
Why do I settle for women that force me to pick up the pieces?  
Why do I want an independent woman to feel like she needs me?  
I lost my way  
  
  
I'm searchin' for these words to say to you  
Please give me time  
Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you  
Oh please give me time  
Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now  
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Yeah  
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Yeah  
  
  
Run your mouth, I'd rather listen to someone else  
I gave your nickname to someone else  
I know you're seein' someone that loves you  
And I don't want you to see no one else  
I don't want you here with no one else  
I don't wanna do this with no one else  
I used to know you back when you was young  
Your brother brought me through, you saw me  
That made me think of you so differently  
I miss the feeling of you missing me  
But you say you're over and done with me  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
  
  
Now redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Aw, please give me time  
Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now, yeah  
  
  
Say to you  
But 80 percent of it was the truth, yeah  
Say to you  
A Mercedes coupe that you're still drivin' was for me and you  
Girl, really gon' spend the winter with this other nigga?  
Act like he's really the one to get through it with you  
Clicked up with Jessica, Kim, you know that I'm bound to see you  
And they both say that you're over and done with me  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
  
  
They say redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Yeah, aww yeah, yeah, yeah  
Redemption's on your mind when you think about me  
Aw yeah, yeah, yeah  
Redemption's on your mind when you  
Aw please give me time  
Cause I'm searchin' for these words to say to you right now  
  
  
Damn, I'm not unrealistic with none of my women  
I tell them if they ain't with it then let's just forget it  
Relationships slowin' me down, they slow down the vision  
Guess I'm not in a position to deal with commitment  
Certain people need to tell me they're proud of me  
That mean a lot to me  
Not havin' closure, it take a lot out of me  
This year for Christmas I just want apologies  
Sydney gave up on me when I went missin'  
Syn had a baby and treated me different  
Erika sued me and opened a business  
Wonder if they wish it could've been different  
Wonder what they'd do put in my position  
I wonder, when my shit drop, do they listen?  
Wonder if they're second guessin' their decisions  
I hate the number 2, that shit is unforgiven  
Tryna satisfy everybody  
It's like they can't get enough  
Until enough is enough  
And then it's too much  
You tip the scale when I weigh my options  
West Palm girls are spoiled rotten  
Tiffany on you, you know you poppin'  
I'll kill somebody if they give you problems  
Master bedroom's where we get it poppin'  
Just ignore all the skeletons in my closet  
I'm a walkin' come-up, I'm a bank deposit  
Sell my secrets and get top dollar  
Sell my secrets for a Range Rover  
Opportunity and temptation  
They would sell my secrets for a tropical vacation  
Sell my secrets back to me if I was payin'  
Who's gonna save me when I need savin'?  
Since Take Care, I've been caretakin'  
But second chances, that ain't how you livin'  
Redemption on your mind, I'll never be forgiven  
  
  
Yeah  
I know

  
Can I, can I save you from you?  
Cause you know there's something missing  
And that champagne you've been sippin's not supposed to make you different all
the time  
It's starting to feel like the wrong thing to do, yeah  
Cause with all that recognition it gets hard for you to listen  
To the things that I must say to make you mine  
But live girl, have some fun girl, we'll be fine  
Trying to convince myself I've found one  
Making a mistake I never learned from  
  
  
I swear I always fall for your type, yeah, for your type  
Tell me why I always fall for your type, for your type  
I just can't explain this shit at all  
I just can't explain this shit at all  
I just can't explain this shit at all  
I just can't explain this shit at all  
I believe in people like you  
  
  
Cause who am I to judge you on the past, girl  
I bet there's a reason for it all  
You say that you're nothing like the last girl  
I just pray that you don't let me down right now  
But it's too late, cause I'm already yours  
You just gotta promise me, hearts won't break  
And end up like before  
  
  
  
  
Look, dress hanging off your shoulder, barely sober  
Telling me how you moving away and starting over  
Girl, quit playing you just drunk. You just saying shit  
Oh you dance, dance like how, like ballet and shit  
Oh, wait... No, I get it girl, I'm with it  
I've been down this road before and yeah I skidded but forget it  
Damn, I wonder why I never why I learned my lesson  
It's feeling like the second chance and it's the first impression  
And I heard it's nothing new except for someone new  
But how you supposed to find the one when anyone will come with you  
Talking to myself but I never listen  
Cause man it's been a while, and I swear that this ones different  
That's why I'mma take you anywhere you wanna go  
Let you meet my friends so they can lecture me again about  
How reckless I have been  
And I'm slowly running out of all the time that I invest in  
Making all the same mistakes  
And I swear I'm just trying to correct it  
And I fall...  
  


I can see it in your eyes, you're angry  
Regret got shit on what you're feeling now  
Mad cause he ain't like me  
Oh you mad cause nobody ever did it like me  
All the care I would take, all the love that we made  
Now you're trying to find somebody to replace what I gave to you  
It's a shame you didn't keep it, Alicia, Katia  
I know that you gon' hear this, I'm the man  
Yeah I said it, bitch I'm the man  
Don't you forget it  
The way you walk, that's me  
The way you talk, that's me  
The way you've got your hair up, did you forget that's me?  
And the voice in your speaker right now, that's me  
And the voice in your ear, that's me  
Can't you see that I made it? Yeah I made it  
First I made you who you are, then I made it  
And you're wasted with your ladies  
Yeah I'm the reason why you always getting faded  
  
  
Take a shot for me, ooh  
Take a shot for me, ooh  
Take a shot for me  
A shot for me  
A shot for me  
  
Okay look, I'm honest  
Girl I can't lie, I miss you  
You and the music were the only things that I commit to  
I never cheated, for the record, back when I was with you  
But you believe in everything but me girl, I don't get you  
She says I know you changed, I never see you  
Cause you're always busy doing things  
I really wish she had a different way of viewing things  
I think the city that we're from just kinda ruined things  
It's such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen  
The men are jealous and the women all in competition  
And now your friends telling you stories that you often misinterpret  
And taint all the images of your [Chorus]  
How did I end up right here with you  
After all the things that I been through  
Its been one of those days  
You tryin' forget about  
Take a shot and let it out  
Let's get right  
Now that I'm here baby  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)  
Show me a good  
Show me a good  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)  
  
I live for the nights that I can't remember,  
With the people that I won't forget  
Spending all the money I just work my ass off  
For the things that I won't regret  
I've been waiting way too long long long long  
Tellin' everybody that I know we about to be on on on on  
I ain't tryin' look like I lie to these niggas that I came up with  
That's my team, never would I let a woman come between  
What we doing right now  
This our dream, Wu Tang Clan niggas want that cream  
I'm the Osirus of the shit right now  
Go to god for the hits right now  
Whatever you wanna drink girl pick right now  
If you can't hold your liquor you better quit right now  
  
  
  
How 'bout you and all your morals and that outfit that you borrowed  
Make the most out of tonight and worry 'bout it all tomorrow  
Understand girl, we fam' girl  
Can't get me right and not do Wayne  
Cash money young money pop champagne  
Presidential suite girl Barrack Hussain  
Tell me can we kick it like Ali Shaheed and Phife Dawg  
People really hate when a backpack rapper get rich  
And start livin' that life dawg  
Feels like when you gettin' to that paper hip hop hates ya  
They would do it just like I do if they could  
Its in our nature  
Ah, young and rich and out of control  
Out in LA blowing clouds of that killer  
I came up in the underground though  
So I'm a spend another ten thousand for Dilla  
Call me over-rated or created or too jaded  
Because any way you put it bitch I made it, yup!  
  
  
  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)  
Show me a good  
Show me a good  
Show me a good time  
(oh yeah, oh yeah)

  
Side pieces  
I know that you're watching this from home  
I can't wait to see you on the road  
Cheering from the shadows I hear you calling out  
Wifey sees a text and asks what's this all about  
I tell her you're just a friend  
A lot of these guys are dying for this song to end  
I'm asking would you be mine  
Would you get on this flight to Cleveland, Ohio at 2:45  
I had a rough game I took two shots I was 0 for 2  
Tough day I need that one thing only you can do  
Skylar this is the one thing that I'd be for you  
This goes out to all my side pieces  
Side pieces, side pieces  
This goes out to all my side pieces  
You know that you'll never be the main one  
City to city I see you wearing the same one  
Side pieces, side pieces  
Los Angeles I want you to make some noise for the real king of side pieces
Brian McKnight one time  
  
  
This is dedicated to all the side pieces  
I know you'll never be more  
And you'll always be less  
But there's courage in knowing that you're ok being shit  
I already got a starter but I'm looking for the rest of my team  
Side pieces in training go on and wave your hands for Drake and me  
  
Side pieces where you at  
  
I know you're not down here in front of us you got to be way back in the back  
  
Side pieces go on and be, side pieces ya  
Side pieces

Third take  
  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy  
Yeah it hurt boy  
Aaw here go another mo'fucker that don't understand the concept of puttin'
money first boy (first)  
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)  
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)  
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ahh that's the worst boy
  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
You haven't been a man for like a minute  
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul  
You can really get to business  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
Rolling swishers hittin' swishers  
Got me feelin' like a ball hog  
I don't pass 'em when I get it  
I'll admit it, I'll admit it  
You too worried 'bout the bitches  
I got one girl, and she my girl, and nobody else can hit it  
She'll admit it, she'll admit it  
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas  
And just like ever single other thing in my life  
You can have her when I'm finished  
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy  
Phone call back home, she is hot up in the 6 boy  
Shit hot up in the 6 now shit hot up in the 6 boy  
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now  
Come see us and get it fixed boy  
Black Benz on the road boy  
Already had a Rolls Royce  
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys  
  
I give a fuck about old boy  
I give a fuck about his squad boy  
I give a fuck about your mob boy  
I'm the real 6 God boy  
I'm about to say a true thing  
I'm about to say a true thing  
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a you-chain  
God damn you changed  
I put it on 'erything, it's a er'tin'  
It's a ovo come through murk thing  
I know you heard things  
Bitch I know you heard things  
Yeah, I know you heard things  
I'm not new to this  
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side  
I'm not new to this  
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side  
I'm not new to this  
I'm not new, I'm not new  
Yeah, I know you heard things  
Nobody likes us except for us  
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up  
Yeah, my sound got the whole city a way right now now  
So I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now

  
Hey girl,  
Do you want my number?  
That way you can call me  
Everytime I come into town  
And then I will drive up to your house  
And take you out to dinner  
I don't expect nothing at all  
  
  
But what if we happen to kiss, then we touch  
Put a rush on it, get it over with  
What if I just know what you like  
And it feels right, then it's over with  
What if I don't call you back  
Prove you right  
And all this lasts just one night  
 slow, slow, slow  
  
  
Hey girl,  
I'm back in Atlanta  
Second dates are lovely  
This time you should choose where we go  
Need suggestions?  
How about the movies?  
Mini golf or ice cream  
I'm not picky, you'll let me know  
  
  
But what if we happen to kiss, then we touch  
Put a rush on it, get it over with  
What if I just know what you like  
And it feels right, then it's over with  
What if I don't call you back  
Prove you right  
And all this lasts just one night  
 slow, slow, slow  
  
  
But what if we happen to kiss, then we touch  
Put a rush on it, get it over with  
What if I just know what you like  
And it feels right, then it's over with  
What if I don't call you back  
Prove you right  
And all this lasts just one night  
 slow, slow, slow  
  
Maybe we should slow it down  
If you're ready,  
We can go all the way.  
We can go all the way..

  
This is all God's doing man you can't plan it  
But if the devil's in the details then I'm satanic  
Bout to take over your city and you can't stand it  
My accountant say you sinking like the Titanic  
David Blaine last summer man you had to vanish  
I get the hits like somebody pitching underhanded  
Got my Spanish ting convinced that I know Spanish  
Really when she get to talking I don't understand it  
You ain't own it right away, you had to wait on niggas  
Man I'm only 29 have some patience with us  
Plus I never met nobody from my label nigga  
I just pop up with the music then they pay a nigga  
Shit ain't been the same like before  
I still love it but I used to love it more  
Face time with my shawty on tour  
And she texting purple hearts cause she know that we at war, yeah  
  
  
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'  
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end  
Make me call my bros for assistance  
You gon make me call my bros for assistance  
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'  
Put me in a fucked up position  
You gon make me call my bros, for assistance  
Make me call my bro  
  
Baby I'm a savage I ain't romantic  
When I come around these rappers niggas start to panic  
And they pockets going under like the Titanic  
Got some head last night and it was outstanding'  
They was hatin' on me then and they hatin' now  
She was playing with me then but she waitin' now  
Used to sleep inside a den I got acres now  
I was fighting niggas then but I'm spraying now (blasting)  
I don't pay no mind to no sneak diss  
I won't spend a dime on a freak bitch  
Niggas takin' cheap shots on some cheap shit  
They the type to stand in line for some free shit  
Babygirl gon suck it 'till her jaws locked  
She gon' make me put my bitch on call block  
We the ones poppin', we the ones shoppin'  
We the one droppin', niggas we the ones  
They the ones duckin' when them heaters come  
You that nigga snitchin' on your people huh  
21 savage aka the reaper huh  
Pussy niggas gettin' shot for all that reachin' huh  
  
  
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'  
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end  
Make me call my bros for assistance  
You gon make me call my bros for assistance  
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'  
Put me in all fucked up position  
Make me call my bros, for assistance  
Make me call my bro  
  
  
I don't need love I'm the G.O.A.T  
I just hit the beat and float  
And I'm selling out arenas, but you putting on a show  
  
  
I Forgot To Call You On Your Birthday,  
You Swear You're The Last Thing On My Mind,  
There Is Nothin' I Can Do To Fix It,  
  
When The Lights Don't Glow The Same Way That They Used To,  
And I Finally Get A Moment To Myself,  
I Will Realize You Were Everything I'm Missing,  
  
  
So Can You Do Me A Favor, If I Pull It Together,  
Make It Sooner Than Later,  
We Won't Be Here Forever, And I Realized I Waited Too Long,  
But Please Don't Move On,  
You Don't Need No One Else  
You Don't Need No One El-El-El-El-Else  
You Don't Need No One Else  
You Don't Need No One El-El-El-El Oh Ho Ho  
  
  
You Just Changed Your Hair And It Looks Perfect,  
Wish I Was The First To Let You Know,  
Every Chance I Get To Make It Better,  
I Just Find A Way To Let It Go,  
When The Lights Don't Glow The Same Way That They Used To,  
And I Finally Get A Moment To Myself,  
I Will Realize You Were Everything I'm Missing,  
  
  
The Girl Of The World, You See Someone Gotta Lose  
I Thought I Can Have It All, Do I Really Gotta Choose  
What Good Is All The Cash, If It Doesn't Buy Time,  
And What Good Is Bein' Famous, If I'm Never On Your Mind,  
Nights Fallen, Lights Glowin' And I'm Just Tryna Pay The Price Owin',  
And I Don't Wanna Feel The Comfort From My Ice Showin',  
And I Ain't Tryna Be Without You At The Right Moments,  
Nigga Nice Goin',  
Is It Worth It, That Decision,  
Cause Hearts Breakin', I Ain't Tryna Be In That Collision,  
So Imma Dust My Shirt, And Fix My Pants,  
Cause I Better Look Good Girl If This My Chance, I Swear  
  


  
Thats what they doin' Cameron, they actin' like these singers man. I ain't
goin' to the studio until I have a situation. A subject, I need a beat, I need
the producer. Who gonna be on the hook? Man what is you doin? We're in the
studio with fuckin' clips, clips, ammo!  
  
  
Brand new beretta, can't wait to let it go  
Walk up in my label like, where the check though?  
Yeah I said it, wouldn't dap you with the left ho  
Shut the fuck up, text from a centerfold  
I ain't reply, let 'em know I read it though  
Voice mail say she ready though  
Niggas know I'm credible  
Ain't no pussy on a pedestal  
Got my foot on the 'cedes Benz pedal doin' 90 on the bridge like  
Nigga you already know  
And if you don't know, now you know, now you know  
Switchin' up the angles  
Now I'm in the Rolls with illuminated angel  
Four or five chains made of gold getting tangled  
My nigga Biz said I'm performin tonight you know that shit gon be packed  
Pay me in advance and make sure that it's exact  
My ex girl'll probably show up for the simple fact  
That tomorrow she can tell all of her friends it was whack  
But?  
This about me  
They say my whole fan base is missin I'd  
What the young trend settin musician I be  
Got critics givin up the recognition I de-serve  
Never bring yo mrs. By me  
I'm it I'm it call me mr. i-t  
If I get one wish imma wish to die free  
They say gon head, ball like mrs.?  
And I do  
The realest in my age group, no shit  
Soho, cosmo, bob mar blow fish?  
Lets make a toast, tell yo friends come closer  
Drinks on me like a coaster  
We doin it big  
Look at what I done  
Look at where I'm is  
It's only just begun  
Cause I was stayin home  
When they was havin fun  
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won  
And this is how my speech goes  
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit  
That's all I got to say, at the top is where I stay  
And tell my haters never go away, the winner  
Long awaited, hated  
Fans see me out and they holla happy belated  
It's about time that you made it  
I was bumpin yo songs when nobody else played it  
When I was up in? in atlanta steady givin daps  
Fetchin niggas drinks but I never got to rap?  
If anybody asked though I prolly woulda snapped  
But I can't sign nothin til my lawyer get the fax and  
No one decides who the definition of talent is  
And mrs.? look at what my talent did  
And what yo business is?  
It's been a couple years  
Guess it's not about who you know, it's just how you balance it  
It's always awkward to... a nigga artist  
And get on someone song when you know you comin the hardest  
It's how you start actin when nobody can reach ya  
My plan just hatched, happy easter  
I'm doin it big  
Look at what I done  
Look at where I'm is  
It's only just begun  
Cause I was stayin home  
When they was havin fun  
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won  
And this is how my speech goes  
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit  
That's all I got to say  
At the top is where I stay  
And tell my haters never go away, the winner  
Uhh, ok I do it for the love  
Bunk bed flow, always one level above  
If I'm in ya startin five you will never need a sub  
And I'm neva lookin down so I always know wassup.  
A lot of people sayin fuck me  
Problem is they be tellin everybody but me  
But I always got a starbucks verse bein brewed  
Too hot please please double cup me  
They never gave me support like chuck t's  
And I never trust a nigga sayin trust me  
Nick cannon and will neva did it this I'll  
So you tell... don't you dare interrupt me  
Thanks to my mother for never givin up  
You deserve the world, now gon live it up  
Thanks to uncle steve my hero who always saved us  
I could never give back everything you gave us  
And to my dad even though we was apart  
I couldn't leave you out, you foreva in my heart  
Yeah, and in the name of evelyn cher  
I'll forever forgive anybody that neva was there  
For me, no other woman could ever compare  
My angel I hope heaven's prepared for wheneva you there  
Uhh, I got a revolutionary flow in every scenario comin through ya stereo  
Got a new chick, booty round like the merry go  
Bitches like where he at, they be like there he go  
And this verse deserve a... ?  
Don't cry for me this ain't motha fuckin mario  
Yeah, and polo isn't at my session  
It's the anticipation keepin everybody guessin like  
Look at what I done  
Look at where I'm is  
It's only just begun  
Cause I was stayin home  
When they was havin fun  
So please don't be surprised when they announce that I won  
And this is how my speech goes  
I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit, I deserve this shit  
That's all I got to say  
At the top is where I stay  
And tell my haters never go away, the winner

  
I've been out walking  
I don't do too much talking these days  
These days  
These days I seem to think a lot  
About the things, I forgot to do  
  
  
These days  
  
  
I've met some women  
I wish I had resisted these days  
These days  
These days I seem to think  
About how I have failed  
To change all of my ways  
  
  
These days  
  
  
Yeah, I had a lover  
Don't think I'd risk another  
These days  
These days  
And if I seem to be afraid  
Just listen to the life I've made in songs  
  
  
These days  
  
  
I've stopped the dreaming  
I don't do too much scheming  
These days  
These days  
I sit inside chauffeur car  
With windows down and count the stars  
These days  
These days

Yeah  
Ninth wonder  
They tend to say that us rappers  
Are materialistic  
They say we lak substince  
Me tay and L  
Bout to prove them wrong dou  
  
  
We know what you thinkin love  
You think we out smokin  
Nd drinkin love  
Pushing beard whips  
Chains clinkin love  
Well you don't really kno me  
Lik you think you kno me  
And we kno how you speculate  
Thinkin we gone hit your friend  
If you object a date  
Claim we early but be showin up extra late love  
But you don't really kno me like you think you kno me  
  
  
They don't be sayin that I'm humble  
And I'm hella nice  
But I've been approached ta sellma rockafella twice  
Niggas tell you all the rumors dey heard  
And we laugh  
Soon as you come and tell me  
Lik I'm ellen brice  
Ma groove theorie  
Is that when yu to cheery  
They try to bring you down  
To the level they at  
Well when they are all unhappy  
And it gets a little sticky  
That's why I am little nikki  
To these devils in rap  
But uh  
They aint thinkin drake is smart girl  
They probley think I brake ya  
Heart gurl  
I can't lie  
You probley right about it  
And if you give me dat ass quick  
I probley write about it  
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound  
I mean I spit that influencial shit  
From my town  
I don't know why you sittin on the couch  
When you see I got a bed  
Bring your ass here and lie dwn  
You kan take your purse off  
And later on we takin shirts off  
And then your skirt off  
At least I got status because I could have been a local MC and you probley
would be worst off  
So ima take dis hat off  
And ima hit it till I'm back soft  
And den I back soft  
Cus you thinkin you could prevent what happen  
  
You the reason I think I'm gettin sick of rappin  
  
  
We know what you thinkin love  
You think we out smokin  
Nd drinkin love  
Pushing beard whips  
Chains clinkin love  
Well you don't really kno me  
Lik you think you kno me  
And we kno how you speculate  
Thinkin we gone hit your friend  
If you object a date  
Claim we early but be showin up extra late love  
But you don't really kno me like you think you kno me  
  
  
You probley think I walk around wit ma gun tucked in  
Swing dick to dis hoes lik nun chucks well  
You can think what you want but  
I think you been watchin to much BET uncut  
You need ta get real  
And check out ma real life  
I aint a tip drill  
Dnt kare wat it smell lik  
But if you feel lik  
Puttin all your noshins aside  
And talkin to a real nigga  
I gladly ablige  
First name fontay  
I'd b pleased ta date you  
College educated  
Got degrees and paper  
But I'm from the south were if you aint snappin or rappin bout trappin  
Yous a freak of nature  
Such a animalie  
Speak so well  
And talk so collegie  
Such a astonishing contrast  
To all the bullshit youve been following  
On ma behalf of dem I offer ma apology  
Maybe wit me you'll unlearn  
Puttin all niggas in a box of concerns  
Me cus I aint them  
Shit I'm well read like sun burn  
And afta me you'll neva leave  
No stone unturned  
  
  
We know what you thinkin love  
You think we out smokin  
Nd drinkin love  
Pushing beard whips  
Chains clinkin love  
Well you don't really kno me  
Lik you think you kno me  
And we kno how you speculate  
Thinkin we gone hit your friend  
If you object a date  
Claim we early but be showin up extra late love  
But you don't really kno me like you think you kno me

  
Loves Lost  
Loves Gone  
Love Lost  
Love Is Gone [x2]  
  
  
Look,  
In This World Of Desperate Housewives And Freakin Players  
Rappers They Tend To Be Smilin  
Because They Swimmin In Women  
Most Of Em Sick Of Favors  
They Come In Secret Flavors  
That's Why I Envy Omar  
Because So Far, I'm Nowhere Close To Malik and Deja  
  
And that's Some Higher Learning  
Trying Ta Excel With The Brake On  
I'll Have You Stuck In The Same Spot  
With The Tires Burnin  
And I'm A Liar Turnin 19, Jaded With No Faith  
In Any Female that's Askin What I Was Earnin  
I Met This Recent Lady  
She Knew A Piece Of Sadey By Spinners  
I Guess In My Southern Eyes That She Decent Maybe  
Well Second Thought If We Have It Then She Can Keep The Baby  
Cuz She Aint Give Me The Butterflies That Aleshia Gave Me  
It's Like I'm Using Some Bread To Sop Up Some Decent Gravy  
Now I'm Out Of Both And I've Been Thinkin Of Aleshia Lately  
I'm All Alone, I Got A Feelin it's On  
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Chillin Is Gone And Uh  
  
  
Loves Lost  
Loves Gone  
Love Lost  
Love Is Gone  
  
  
Some Dudes They Turn Purple With Hurt Faces  
Circling Workplaces  
And Following Girls On The Assumptions Of What The Worst Case Is  
They Get To First Bases  
Then They Get To Retreating Cuz If She Cheatin  
Theye Wanna Know What The First Trace Is  
Now You Like Macgyver  
Cuz You Sneakin Around  
And She don't Know That You There When You Standin Right Beside Her  
I can't Relate To That  
I Had To Take It Back A Couple A Years  
When Some Of The Best Kicked It With Drake In Fact  
  
I Bet That They Knew It Cuz In My Mind I Play Through It  
With Yoshi Lee And A. Lewis And A Couple Things That They True In  
And In The End I Listen But I don't See Me As They Do  
Cuz it's My Opinion, My Life, My Potentials For My Wife  
And I Used To Be Eager To Buy Em The World  
Maybe I'm Confused About What I Desire From Girls  
Either Way I'm All Alone, Got A Feelin it's On  
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Just Chillin Is Gone And Uh  
  
  
Loves Lost  
Loves Gone  
Love Lost  
Love Is Gone  
  
  
Check,  
And Nowadays Some Girls Are The Type Of Person That  
Will Tell They Friends That They Use Him Which Is Confusin  
Since I Aint Made Them A Purchase Yet  
But there's Logic Behind It  
Emotions Double And They Try To Cover Up  
Like A Mansion With The Projects Behind It  
I Tend To Freak With This  
I Get A Girl And Pretend That I Love The Spendin  
And All She Gave Was A Decent Kiss  
Thinkin She Been Spoiled  
But Golddiggin Is Nothing When You Can Shovel For Days  
And Come Up With Tin Foil  
  
We Could Dissect It See  
You Take A Dominique Or Another Freak In The Sheets  
And You Picture That She Just Slept With Me For Nothing  
Gave Her Nothing  
Her Reputations In Jeopardy  
Cuz It Aint Take Her 3 Of That Shopping To Get Her Next To Me  
Collectively I Look For A Proper Chick That'll Rep For Me  
Instead Of Seeing Something She Wants And Callin And Textin Me  
For Thinkin That Exists, I Got A Feeling I'm Wrong  
Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Just Chillin Is Gone And Uh  
  
  
Loves Lost  
Loves Gone  
Love Lost  
Love Is Gone

Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much  
There's no need for us to rush it through  
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much  
This is more than just a new lust for you  
  
Done saying, I'm done playing  
Last time was on the outro  
Stuck in the house, need to get out more  
I've been stacking up like I'm fundraising  
Most people in my position get complacent  
Come places with star girls, end up on them front pages  
I'm quiet but I just ride with it  
Moment I stop having fun with it, I'll be done with it  
I'm the only one that's putting shots up  
And like a potluck, you need to come with it  
Don't run from it, like H-Town in the summer time, I keep it 100  
Lot of girls in my time there, word to Paul Wall, not one fronted  
I was birthed there in my first year, man I know that place like I come from
it  
Backstage at Warehouse in '09 like [Intro: DMX]  
What these bitches want from a nigga?  
  
  
On some DMX shit  
I group DM my exes  
I tell 'em they belong to me, that goes on for forever  
And I think we just get closer when we not together  
You tell me that I'm confusin'  
More immature than Marques Houston  
Cuts too deep for a band-aid solution  
We too deep in this thing you'll never lose me  
LOLOL I'm glad you find this shit amusin'  
Heard a lot about me 'fore we started off  
I know you heard that my pool parties like Mardi Gras  
I know you heard that my girl is sponsored by Audemars  
That's why she's always correctin' me when my time is off  
And my house is the definition  
Of alcohol and weed addiction  
You got a different vision  
You wanna walk around naked in the kitchen  
Without runnin' into one of my niggas  
That's not the way we livin'  
Too much goin' on, it's just not realistic  
These days I don't talk 'bout them days like I miss 'em  
And you shouldn't miss 'em either, we different people  
But every time we speakin'  
  
  
It's like a lot of games bein' played  
How's it goin' down?  
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now  
Is you wit' me or what?  
Yeah  
It's like a lot of games are bein' played  
How's it goin' down?  
If it's on 'til we gone then I gots to know now  
Is you wit' me or what?  
Yeah  
  
  
I wanna know how much time you spent on them paragraphs  
Where you're getting me  
All that grey in our conversation history, you  
Playin' mind games, when you sayin' things  
Playin' mime games, we both doin' the same thing  
Slide on a late night  
You like to slide on a late night  
You send the Bridge over troubled water, ice in my muddy water  
Rich off a mixtape, got rich off a mixtape  
Probably shouldn't be driving, it just got so much harder  
Can't even steer straight, I can't even steer straight  
Oh, fuck with me, I buy the shots  
Live a little, cause niggas die a lot, and lie a lot  
But I'm the truth that's right I fucking said it  
The living proof that you ain't gotta die to get to heaven  
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit  
How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit  
I can tell a lie if you ask me about my whereabouts  
But I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about  
Reppin' bitches, reppin' bitches bitches  
And reppin' reppin' them bitches until all of us switches  
I swear, it's been two years since somebody ask me who I was  
I'm the greatest man I said that before I knew I was  
That's what's important and what really happened before this  
When me and my crew was all about this rapper from New Orleans  
Singing walking like a man, finger on the trigger  
I got money in my pocket, I'm a uptown nigga, ah  
With fame on my mind, my girl on my nerves  
I was pushing myself to get something that I deserve  
That was back in the days, Acura days  
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways  
  
  
People always ask how I got my nice things  
Take my crown to the grave, I'm an underground king  
I bet we can make tonight the greatest story ever told  
Cause I'm down to spend whatever, lately I've been on a roll  
And I do it for the city, cause you know the city love a nigga  
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga  
Do it for the city, cause you know the city love it a nigga  
Do it for the city, (UGK fuck these other niggas)  
  
Sometimes I need that romance, sometimes I need that pole dance  
Sometimes I need that stripper that's gon' tell me that she don't dance  
Tell me lies, make it sound good, make it sound good  
Do me like the women from my town would  
Leather with that woodgrain, Persian rugs on wood floors  
Talking all them good things, that's all I'm really good for  
Memphis Tennessee no, see I start to go deep back  
And rich crust with my seat back with Yo Gotti and E-Mack  
And these niggas got them diamonds glowing in they mouth  
And they rockin' furs like it's snowing in the south  
And every pretty girl tell me that's the shit that she like  
So why am I a classic, this is who I'm trying to be like  
So I drop out, lessons I was taught are quick to fade  
As soon I realize that term-end papers they won't get me paid  
If I don't nothing I'ma ball  
I'm countin' all day like a clock on the wall  
Yeah need that, making major changes to the life I'm living  
I had no choice, I had to prove I made the right decisions  
That was back in the days, Acura days  
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my ways  
  


My name is Drizzy  
And I ain't perfect  
But I work hard  
So I deserve it  
And I belong right where you see me  
I ain't on the fence about it  
I ain't Mr. Feeny  
Naw, I got a decent set of manners  
And a job that fills up any empty schedule or planner  
And I fall in love with girls caught up in superficial glamour  
Who dress like Sarah Jessica and  
Live like Princess Diana  
So often they have addictions and  
I'm no one that'll feed it  
But truly you're bad enough  
That you don't even really need it  
You can show up at the party on dirty public transit  
And I guarantee the camera man will still be snappin  
Candids of you and yo posse partying  
Drinking watch you get handed  
With your virgin island tans  
All lookin like you just landed  
I don't really understand it  
I'm not sure I'm comprehending it  
But these girls are having fun with  
Whoevers money they spending screaming  
  
  
  
I got to be unstoppable  
I got to be unstoppable  
Ey, ey, ey, ey  
You don't lie  
Ey, ey, ey, ey  
You don't lie  
  
 Weezy F. Baby  
  
My name is Weezy  
I'm almost perfect  
And I work harder than hardworking bizarre circus  
That's when my bars surface  
Therefore, I act a clown  
Even when I'm laying on my back,  
I'm never backing down  
So overstand me  
I gotta condo in Miami and  
My doormat is always sandy  
And I run Louisiana  
But I've never pull a hammy  
And I gotta condo in Atlanta  
And I always wear a bandana  
And when it comes down to stuntin you boys  
Is just buntin  
I'm swinging from the fence  
Yo girl hanging from my dick  
Yo girl singing to my shit  
Like a la, la, lollipop  
She say I get that pussy wetter than a dasani shop  
She say I get that pussy better  
Better than her gynecologist  
Hoe just text me  
Everybody want some mo dick mo dick  
Old bitch  
Young bitch  
But I'll be like damnnnn  
All I got is one dick  
  
  
  
 Santogold  
  
I got the talk  
The beats and bass  
Give me one I'll take it  
Make you lose your place,  
Tell me I-I-I can play  
So I speed up the pace  
I break it break it you can't stop me  
In this ra-race  
  


Yeah, uh huh  
  
Uh, hardly home but always reppin',  
You hardly on and always second,  
When I'm awake you always restin',  
And when they call you the answer you will hardly question,  
I, I'm doin' classic shit in all my sessions,  
Other nigga's situations they are all depressin',  
That's why I never follow y'all suggestions,  
I just always did my own thing,  
Now I run the game, you stupid mudda-suckas  
I see all this money through my Ohio State buck eyes,  
Shit been goin' good, but good can turn to better,  
Cause you the type to lose her, and I'm about to get her  
  
  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
You can run an tell your friends that  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
Best believe I understand  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
It's okay  
You can run an tell my city  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
I'm on  
You can run an tell my city it's on  
  
Yeah, wrong way down a one way,  
Women don't get saved 'round me even on a Sunday,  
Damn where I get it from, these niggas always wonder who,  
Then they meet my pop and tell 'em [Intro:]  
The only thing I'm seeing I'd like to put an amend on  
Perhaps a little more room here for the fixins  
Oh, we gon' have a lot of fixins  
We gonna have so many fucking fixins up in this motherfuckers  
His shit gon' go through the roof  
Got damn I'm shittin' gold these days  
  
  
Nigga we made it, hey  
We made it  
Nigga we made it, hey  
Damn, we made it  
Nigga we made it, hey  
We made it, aye  
Nigga we made it, hey  
We made it  
  
  
She said she workin' for Walgreens but not in the store, at the head office  
The head was so good it make sense why you work at the head office  
In 2007 I sat in a lobby in Motown and waited  
Now I go into the buildin' and go off like Yeah, never thoughts of suicide, I'm too alive  
But I still treat it likes it's do or die  
Even though dying isn't in the plans,  
But neither was making it and here I am  
In the presidential do you like your new room?  
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon  
Since I saw Aliyah's precious life go too soon,  
She deserve the credit for how I'm about to get it  
That's why I got a new dumb thing moving through the street  
Got a new condo, move it to the beach  
Heard Nicki just bought a brand new crib  
Goddamn man she's beauty and the beast (Lord)  
Seems like yesterday that I was up and coming  
Still so young that I ain't had enough of nothing  
  
The fam here, the drink here, the girls here?  
Well fuck let's get it then  
  
  
I'm trying to let go of the past  
Should we make this one a double?  
You ain't even gotta ask, ah  
Because it's hard to say no, say no  
Yeah it's hard to say no  
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time  
(Every time, every time, every time)  
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine  
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)  
Are you down, are you down? Yea you all the way down, every time  
(Every time, every time, every time)  
Am I down, am I down? Yea I'm all the way down, we'll be fine  
(We'll be fine, we'll be fine, we'll be fine)  
  
Used to make us proud we had dreams of getting bigger man  
Loved you until now, but now I'm the nigga man  
You keep talking that Black days of winter all were through  
The blossoms came and they brought you  
Clouds left the sky, I knew the reason why  
They made way for you  
And the blossom and the blossom  
  
The seasons cycle turned again  
An April shower now and then  
Trees came alive, bees left their hive  
They came out to see you  
And the blossom and the blossom  
  
People were laughing, smiling with the sun  
They knew that summer had begun  
  
The days grew warm, the nights grew long  
Spring turned to summer and was gone  
It seemed so fine, the cider and the wine  
But I knew you'd go  
With the blossom, with the blossom  
  
When spring returns, I'll look again  
To find another blossom friend  
Until I do, find something new  
I'll just think of you  
And the blossom and the blossom  
I'll just think of you and the blossom

Snow in springtime, storm in the sea  
Mist at my window, no leaf on my tree  
Showers in the garden with no flowers to touch  
When will you bring us your sunshine and such.  
  
Season tell me true  
What's been wrong with you  
Won't you turn again  
Blow away the rain  
Blue season, turn away.  
  
Wind in the evening, dust in your eye  
Heart full of shadow and cloud in your sky  
Everything's wrong and you know you're to blame  
Nothing will change while you're still the same  
Cold in the city, tears on the street  
Faces are empty in those that you meet  
Lovers and losers who fail in the night  
When will it be that you'll treat them right.  
  
Season tell me true  
How much do we need you  
Won't you turn your wheel  
Hide your heart of steel  
Blue season, turn away.  
  
Countries and people caught in the rain  
When will they learn to feel fine again  
Wandering lost now for nothing is clear  
Waiting for signs of the turn of the year.  
  
Season tell me true  
What's been wrong with you  
Won't you turn again  
Blow away in the rain  
Blue season, turn away.

Catch a boat to England, baby  
Maybe to spain  
Wherever I have gone  
Wherever I've been and gone  
Wherever I have gone, the blues I'd to sing  
Go bring me whiskey, baby  
Go bring me gin  
Me and room service, honey  
Me and room service  
Me and room service, well we're living like a sin  
When I'm not drinking, baby  
You are on my mind  
When I'm not sleeping  
When I'm not sleeping  
When I'm not sleeping, well you know, you'll find me crying  
Try another city, baby  
Try another town  
Wherever I have gone  
Wherever I've been and gone  
Wherever I have gone, the blues run the game  
Well maybe someday, baby  
Somewhere down the line  
I'll wake up older, honey  
So much older  
I'll wake up older and just stop all my trying  
Catch a boat to England, baby  
Maybe to spain  
Wherever I have gone  
Wherever I've been and gone  
Wherever I have gone, the blues run the game  

Strange face, with your eyes  
So pale and sincere.  
Underneath you know well  
You have nothing to fear.  
For the dreams that came to you when so young  
Told of a life  
Where spring is sprung.  
  
You would seem so frail  
In the cold of the night  
When the armies of emotion  
Go out to fight.  
But while the earth sinks to its grave  
You sail to the sky  
On the crest of a wave.  
  
So forget this cruel world  
Where I belong  
I'll just sit and wait  
And sing my song.  
And if one day you should see me in the crowd  
Lend a hand and lift me  
To your place in the cloud.

Who has dressed you in strange clothes of sand?  
Who has taken you far from my land?  
Who has said that my sayings were wrong?  
And who will say that I stayed much too long?  
Clothes of sand have covered your face  
Given you meaning, taken my place  
Some make your way on down to sea  
Something has taken you so far from me  
Does it now seem worth all the color of skies?  
To see the earth through painted eyes  
To look through panes of shaded glass  
See the stains of winter's grass  
Can you now return to from where you came?  
Try to burn your changing name  
Or with silver spoons and colored light  
Will you worship moons in winter's night?  
Clothes of sand have covered your face  
Given you meaning taken my place  
So make your way on down to the sea  
Something has taken you so far from me  

Got my baby dressed in white  
Hey baby won't you stay the night  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Got my baby dressed in red  
Hey baby won't you come to bed  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Hey baby won't you please come quick  
This old cocaine's makin' me sick  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Got my baby dressed in green  
Hey baby can't be seen  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Hey baby won't you please come quick  
This old cocaine's makin' me sick  
Cocaine all around my brain  
Got my baby dressed in read  
Hey baby won't you come to bed  
Cocaine all around my brain

Green are your eyes  
In the morning, when you rise  
Don't you be afraid to lie  
By me, my love  
Your father will not know  
Love can be broken  
Though no words are spoken  
Don't you be afraid to lie  
By me, my love  
Your father will not know  
Love, don't cry  
I'll never try  
Don't you be afraid to lie  
By me, my love  
Your father will not know  
Green are your eyes  
In the morning, when you rise  
Don't you be afraid to lie  
By me, my love  
Your father will be told someday  
About our wedding day

I know you  
I care too  
I see through  
All of the pictures that you keep on the wall  
All of the people that will come to the ball  
But hear me calling  
Won't you give me  
A free ride.  
  
I know too  
What you do  
When you're through  
Counting the cattle as they go by the door  
Keeping a carpet that's so thick on the floor  
But hear me calling  
Won't you give me  
A free ride.  
  
I know you  
I care too  
I see through  
All of the pictures that you keep on the wall  
All of the people that will come to the ball  
But hear me calling  
Won't you give me  
A free ride.

A day once dawned  
And it was beautiful  
A day once dawned from the ground  
Then the night she fell  
And the air was beautiful  
The night she fell all around  
  
So look see the days  
The endless coloured ways  
And go play the game that you learnt  
From the morning  
  
And now we rise  
And we are everywhere  
And now we rise from the ground  
And see she flies  
And she is everywhere  
See she flies all around  
  
So look see the sights  
The endless summer nights  
And go play the game that you learnt  
  
From the morning

Fame is but a fruit tree  
So very unsound.  
It can never flourish  
'Till its stock is in the ground.  
So men of fame  
Can never find a way  
'Till time has flown  
Far from their dying day.  
Forgotten while you're here  
Remembered for a while  
A much updated ruin  
From a much outdated style.  
  
Life is but a memory  
Happened long ago.  
Theatre full of sadness  
For a long forgotten show.  
Seems so easy  
Just to let it go on by  
'Till you stop and wonder  
Why you never wondered why.  
  
Safe in the womb  
Of an everlasting night  
You find the darkness can  
Give the brightest light.  
Safe in your place deep in the earth  
That's when they'll know what you were really worth.  
Forgotten while you're here  
Remembered for a while  
A much updated ruin  
From a much outdated style.  
  
Fame is but a fruit tree  
So very unsound.  
It can never flourish  
'Till its stock is in the ground.  
So men of fame  
Can never find a way  
'Till time has flown  
Far from their dying day.  
  
Fruit tree, fruit tree  
No one knows you but the rain and the air.  
Don't you worry  
They'll stand and stare when you're gone.  
  
Fruit tree, fruit tree  
Open your eyes to another year.  
They'll all know  
That you were here when you're gone.

And what will happen in the morning when the world it gets  
So crowded that you can't look out the window in the morning.  
  
What will happen in the evening in the forest with the weasel  
With the teeth that bite so sharp when you're not looking in the evening.  
  
And all the friends that you once knew are left behind they kept you safe  
And so secure amongst the books and all the records of your lifetime.  
  
What will happen  
In the morning  
When the world it gets so crowded that you can't look out the window  
In the morning.  
  
Hey, take a little while to grow your brother's hair  
And now, take a little while to make your sister fair.  
And now that the family  
Is part of a chain  
Take off your eye shade  
Start over again.  
  
Now take a little while to find your way in here  
Now take a little while to make your story clear.  
Now that you're lifting  
Your feet from the ground  
Weigh up your anchor  
And never look round.  
  
Let's sing a song  
For Hazey Jane  
She's back again in my mind.  
If songs were lines  
In a conversation  
The situation would be fine

Monday is shining, you know 'em Tuesday's rain  
Well, the days go by me like a southbound train  
Yes, it's funny thinking you will never call my name  
Here comes long lonely, here come the blues  
Well, the world's the same old comedy, you know my time is cold  
Nothing new, blue lady, I won't get old  
'Cause the deal is gone now, I'd just better hold  
Here comes long lonely, here come the blues  
Well, sun has run down, she has gone out to hide  
Yes, and now I'm out walking where the midnight ride  
Just me and the good time Charlies and the suicide  
Here comes long lonely, here come the blues  
Well, Monday's dry, yes, and Tuesday's just the same  
Maybe come down blue Wednesday, I'm gonna grab the brakes again  
'Cause no bottle of pills could ever kill this pain  
Here comes long lonely, here come the blues  
Here comes long lonely, here come the blues  

I was born to love no one  
No one to love me  
Only the wind in the long green grass  
The frost in a broken tree  
I was made to love magic  
All its wonder to know  
But you all lost that magic  
Many, many years ago  
I was born to use my eyes  
Dream with the sun and the skies  
To float away in a lifelong song  
In the mist where melody flies  
I was made to love magic  
I was born to sail away  
Into a land of forever  
Not to be tied to an old stone grave  
In your land of never  
I was made to love magic  

Who wouldn't do anything  
That you want them to  
Carry the world right to your feet  
If that's what you want me to do  
Didn't we laugh  
And scream and shout  
Didn't we wait  
Til it all worked out  
  
I know it's late  
And I should wait until the morning comes  
But I got a fear that wakes me up  
And I don't know where the fear comes from  
  
Didn't I bring you  
What I could bring  
Didn't I tell you  
Everything  
Well I will  
Well I will  
  
Some people talk about us  
Said we'd never get this far  
Let it all rain around us  
You know the way things are  
  
Fifteen miles from hope  
Another town another week goes by  
I'm fading away here like the birds  
That disappear into the sky  
  
Wouldn't I be there  
When you call  
I pick you up  
When you start to fall  
  
Well I will  
Well I will  
Well I will  
Well I will

Joey will come, to see your flowers  
Joey will come, to while away your hours  
She will tell you you're not so good for her  
She wouldn't be there if it could be that you were  
Joey has loved, never shown her tears  
So she may laugh in the autumn of your years  
When you're with her you'll wonder if it's true  
All that they said of a world without you  
Where she may come from, where she may go  
Who she may run from, no one will know  
Why she was late may trouble you some  
Still you wait for Joey to come  
Joey will come when once more it looks like snow  
Joey will come when it's really time to go  
And you may smile when you find that you've been wrong  
You thought you found her but she knew you all along  
But Joey will come to say hello, Joey  

When joey first came the light seemed to rise  
Thought it came in the night and left with her eyes  
And I wish that her face would return once again  
Just one day to remind me of saturday's gain.  
  
As I sit in her city in fog and in steam  
Everything's blurred, for blurred is my dream  
So I'll leave for my terrace and tea laced with rum  
And wait for the day when joey will come.  
  
And come all the dreams that never did try  
To live on a memory or float on a sigh  
Together we'll sit in the saturday rain  
And dream of joey or mary jane.

The tramp moves on to the end of the street  
I listen to the echo of his hobnail feet  
For some there's a future to find  
But I think they're leaving me behind.  
The world humes on at it's breakneck pace  
People fly in their lifelong race  
For them there's a future to find  
But I think they're leaving me behind.  
The chances they come, but the chances have been lost  
Success can be gained, but at too great a cost  
For some there's a future to find  
But I think they're leaving me behind.  
The wind sweeps up and goes back to it's tree  
The rain flows by and moves to the sea  
For them there's a future to find  
But I think they're leaving me behind.  

Well there was a man who lived in a shed  
Spent most of his days out of his head  
For his shed was rotten let in the rain  
Said it was enough to drive any man insane  
When it rained  
He felt so bad  
When it snowed he felt just simply sad.  
  
Well there was a girl who lived nearby  
Whenever he saw her he could only simply sigh  
But she lived in a house so very big and grand  
For him it seemed like some very distant land  
So when he called her  
His shed to mend,  
She said I'm sorry you'll just have to find a friend.  
  
Well this story is not so very new  
But the man is me, yes and the girl is you  
So leave your house come into my shed  
Please stop my world from raining through my head  
Please don't think  
I'm not your sort  
You'll find that sheds are nicer than you thought.

Mayfair strange in the morning light  
Mayfair strange in the summer night  
Mayfair strangest in the afternoon  
Mayfair stretching far above  
Full of fame but lacking love  
Could it be we see the Mayfair moon?  
Mayfair strange across the park  
In the day or in the dark  
There's no need to walk or even run  
Mayfair faces clean and nice  
But beauty here is cold as ice  
Could it be we see the Mayfair sun?  
Mayfair strange at every hour  
Hidden frowns with mystic power  
Starry heights and golden throne  
Down below you're on your own  
Mayfair strange for passers-by  
Sights of wonder for the eye  
Could it be that they'll pass by again?  
Mayfair calling far and near  
For even trees are wealthy here  
Could it be we hear the Mayfair rain?  
Mayfair strange in the morning light  
Mayfair strange in the summer night  
Mayfair strangest in the afternoon  
Mayfair stretching far above  
Full of fame but lacking love  
Could it be we see the Mayfair moon?  

Gold and silver is the autumn  
Soft and tender are her skies  
Yes and no are the answers  
Written in my true love's eyes  
  
Autumn's leaving and winter is coming  
I think that I'll be moving along  
I've got to leave her and find another  
I've got to sing my heart's true song  
  
Round and round the burning circle  
All the seasons, one, two and three  
Autumn leaves and then the winter  
Spring is born and wanders free  
  
Gold and silver bounds my heart on  
All too soon they fade and die  
And then I'd know  
There'd be no others  
Milk and honey  
Where they lie

Lifting the mask from from a local clown  
Feeling down like him  
Seeing the light in a station bar  
And travelling far in sin  
Sailing downstairs to the northern line  
Watching the shine of the shoes  
And hearing the trial of the people there  
Who's to care if they lose.  
And take a look you may see me on the ground  
For I am the parasite of this town.  
  
Dancing a jig in a church with chimes  
A sign of the times today  
And hearing no bell from a steeple tall  
People all in dismay  
Falling so far on a silver spoon  
Making the moon for fun  
And changing a rope for a size too small  
People all get hung.  
Take a look and see me coming through  
For I am the parasite who travels two by two.  
  
When lifting the mask from a local clown  
And feeling down like him  
And I'm seeing the light in a station bar  
And travelling far in sin  
And I'm sailing downstairs to the northern line  
Watching the shine of the shoes  
And hearing the trials of the people there  
Who's to care if they lose.  
And take a look you may see me on the ground  
For I am the parasite of this town.  
And take a look you may see me in the dirt  
For i am the parasite who hangs from your skirt.

I was walking thru the forest  
One cold and dreary morn  
My heart sick with jealousy  
And memories I need no more  
No I could never kill a man  
But I would do him harm  
Knowing that you're there  
Lying in his arms  
My flesh was ripped and torn  
By the bramble and the thorn  
I was lost but well-prepared  
To offer up my soul  
Because the greater misery  
Is to live with what I know  
The moon concealed by April's storm  
No bearing I could find  
Until I fell into a clearing  
And a road I recognized  
I was far  
Far from my home  
Further from her smile  
Not sure if I would return  
Or just lay down and die  
As I stood in Phaedra's Meadow  
Well the dawn did break the sky  
And from the highest up in heaven  
The Weaving Star fell into my eyes

When I was younger, younger than before  
I never saw the truth hanging from the door  
And now I'm older see it face to face  
And now I'm older gotta get up clean the place.  
  
And I was green, greener than the hill  
Where the flowers grew and the sun shone still  
Now I'm darker than the deepest sea  
Just hand me down, give me a place to be.  
  
And I was strong, strong in the sun  
I thought I'd see when day is done  
Now I'm weaker than the palest blue  
Oh, so weak in this need for you.

Never sing for my supper  
I never help my neighbor  
Never do what is proper  
For my fair share of labor.  
  
I'm a poor boy  
And I'm a rover  
Count your coins and  
Throw them over my shoulder  
I may grow older  
Nobody knows  
How cold it grows  
And nobody sees  
How shaky my knees  
Nobody cares  
How steep my stairs  
And nobody smiles  
If I cross their stiles.  
  
Oh poor boy  
So sorry for himself  
Oh poor boy  
So worried for his health.  
You may say every day  
Where will he stay tonight.  
  
Never know what I came for  
Seems that I've forgotten  
Never ask what I came for  
Or how I was begotten.  
  
I'm a poor boy  
And I'm a ranger  
Things I say  
May seem stranger than Sunday  
Changing to Monday.  
Nobody knows  
How cold it flows  
And nobody feels  
The worn down heels  
Nobody's eyes  
Make the skies  
Nobody spreads  
Their aching heads.  
  
Oh poor boy  
So worried for his life  
Oh poor boy  
So keen to take a wife.  
  
He's a mess but he'll say yes  
If you just dress in white.  
  
Nobody knows  
How cold it blows  
And nobody sees  
How shaky my knees  
Nobody cares  
How steep my stairs  
And nobody smiles  
If you cross their stiles.  
  
Oh poor boy  
So sorry for himself  
Oh poor boy  
So worried for his health.  
You may say every day  
Where will he stay tonight.  
  
Oh poor boy  
So worried for his life  
Oh poor boy  
So keen to take a wife.  
  
Oh poor boy  
So sorry for himself  
Oh poor boy  
So worried for his health  
Oh poor boy.

I got my plans  
From trembling hands  
I knew just what to do  
Follow each step carefully  
And hope they pulled me through  
My father ran  
To different lands  
And not a word we spoke  
But I was here  
To conquer fear  
And bring some glory home  
  
There's a world of hate and sorrow  
Out there standing in your way  
There's a load of compromise  
Before you die  
And each time you step forward you get burned a little bit  
No longer know the way  
To say goodbye  
Now I'm down here underneath  
Your bedroom light  
Rena please come out  
With me tonight  
  
I look in through  
The window  
And I though I'd take  
My chance  
I taught myself to play  
So I could be where people danced  
No higher call  
Than stars that fall  
I waited patiently  
A thousand miles of pavement  
That became my destiny  
  
You can wait a lonely lifetime  
Wondering when it's gonna come  
You can while away the hours  
Getting stoned  
But one day you get lucky  
And you look in someone's eyes  
That tell you you don't  
Have to be alone  
Now I'm falling back  
Just out of your sight  
Rena please come out  
With me tonight  
  
Oh now I know the way things go  
And what I put you through  
Cause when they try to get to me  
They get to me through you  
  
I know it's not the kind of hurt  
That's easily set right  
And I know you got your reasons  
To stay inside  
But nothing ever happens  
When it's left out on it's own  
You locked in there with  
Just your wounded pride  
I'm down here and I'm  
Way too tired to fight  
Rena please come out  
With me tonight  
Rena please come out  
With me tonight

And now you know my name  
But I don't feel the same  
But I ain't gonna blame  
The rider on the wheel  
And I know my song is new  
I know it's new for you  
I tell you, how it's true  
For the rider on the wheel  
And round and round we go  
We take it, fast and slow  
I must keep up a show  
For the rider on the wheel  
For the rider on the wheel  
Know my name  
But I don't feel the same  
But I ain't gonna blame  
The rider on the wheel  
The rider on the wheel  

You can say the sun is shining if you really want to  
I can see the moon and it seems so clear  
You can take the road that takes you to the stars now  
I can take a road that'll see me through  
I can take a road that'll see me through.  
  
You can take a road that takes you to the stars now  
I can take a road that'll see me through  
I can take a road that'll see me through  
I can take a road that'll see me through.

As he sat down upon the train  
Silence settled in his brain  
He reached out his hand  
And touched her hair  
He struggled with the  
Same old though  
Should he tell her  
Should he not  
He felt her presence  
Everywhere  
  
Whatever comes between us  
Don't let it stand in your way  
This is what he'd come  
Here to say  
  
She just smiled  
And read a book  
Gave him such a  
Gentle look  
He felt a pain right  
Through his chest  
He pictured back to  
When they met  
Open door on a movie set  
Her brown eyes took  
His breath  
  
And every word she  
Spoke to him  
Went like a bullet to his  
Heart  
That's what he remembers  
From the start  
  
Now they're off  
Searching in vain  
Out of control  
Just like a runaway train  
Can't see that it's  
Not up to them  
Soon just like a river  
They'll be rack home again  
  
He sat up through  
The hours it takes  
Passing through the  
Northern lakes  
Til the sleeping giant was in his sight  
He knew that she'd been drifting some  
Wondered where his  
Faith had gone  
He stayed awake most  
Of the night  
Whatever makes you happy  
I won't stand in your way  
Words you hope you never  
Have to say  
  
Now they're off  
Searching in vain  
Out of control  
Just like a runaway train  
Can't see that it's  
Not up to them  
Soon just like a river  
They'll be rack home again  
  
She watched him toss  
And try to sleep  
Struggle with his  
Demons deep  
She thought of all  
That they'd been through  
Imagining her life alone  
No where he was  
That was home  
She wondered if he knew  
  
That every word  
He spoke to her  
Went like a bullet  
To her heart  
That's the way it's  
Been right from  
The start  
  
Now they're off  
Searching in vain  
Out of control  
Just like a runaway train  
Can't see that it's  
Not up to them  
Soon just like a river  
They'll be rack home again

Deep down in the depths of forgotten dreams  
So far away, so long ago it seems  
The memory comes of a distant beach  
Pale sand stretching far from reach  
It was then I found my princess of the sand  
As I traced the foam, pebbles beneath my feet  
I looked behind, I saw this one so sweet  
She came to me and I saw in her eyes  
The heavy toll of a thousand eyes  
I called her my princess of the sand  
She stared at me and my mind was in a maze  
As we moved along in a summer sea-dream haze  
She moved her mouth but there came no sound  
The message she brought can never be found  
But I called her my princess of the sand  
One moment we walked with the night breeze in our face  
Then I looked, she'd gone of her presence, there was no trace  
Where she went or came from who can know  
Or if she'll ever return to help me know  
Who she is, my princess of the sand  
Sometime when the summer nights come back  
I'll go back to the sea, follow that sandy track  
I'll look around, hope to find  
That strange young dream, close behind  
I'll call her my princess of the sand  

Strolling down the highway  
I'm gonna get there my way  
Just keep on down-a-walking  
You hear my guitar, rocking  
Well I stroll  
On down  
On down the highway  
  
People think I'm a crazing  
Lot about how they're-a-lazing  
Sunshine's all day long  
Narcotics far too strong  
Well I stroll  
On down  
On down the highway  
  
Cars won't stop for no one  
But don't you think that you're just rolling down  
Think you are a spy  
Gonna shoot them as they go by  
Well, no cars  
No cars  
Won't stop for no one  
  
Strolling down the highway  
I'm gonna get there my way  
Just keep on down-a-walking  
You hear my guitar, rocking  
Well I stroll  
On down  
On down the highway

I don't know much about love  
How it cures and frees the soul  
Makes you whole and all that other stuff  
But I was kissed by lady luck  
And I know that I'm stuck on you  
Yes I know that I'm stuck on you  
  
Sometimes it gets so very hard  
It's like we're trying to tear each other apart  
With every scar a deeper love revealed  
Now there's nothing left to conceal  
No there's nothing left to conceal  
  
With every turn it's like we hit a wall  
Do you see it the same way  
And I don't want to complicate it  
But I hate this place  
And there's only so much that I can take  
Before this glass heart breaks  
  
And I know I've got to let you go  
You were gone so long  
And I didn't even know  
It's just that I love you so  
And I know that I'm stuck on you  
Yes I know that I'm stuck on you

Through early morning fog I see  
Visions of the things to be  
The pains that are withheld for me  
I realize and I can see...  
  
  
  
That suicide is painless  
It brings on many changes  
And I can take or leave it if I please.  
  
I try to find a way to make  
All our little joys relate  
Without that ever-present hate  
But now I know that it's to late, and...  
  
Refrain  
  
The game of life is hard to play  
I'm going to lose it anyway  
The losing card I'll someday lay  
So this is all I have to say  
  
Refrain  
  
The only way to win is cheat  
And lay it down before I'm beat  
And to another give my seat  
For that's the only painless feat  
  
Refrain  
  
The sword of time will pierce our skins  
It doesn't hurt when it begins  
But as it works it's way on in  
The pain grows stronger... Watch it grin but...  
  
Refrain  
  
A brave man once requested me  
To answer questions that are key  
Is it to be or not to be  
And I replied 'oh why ask me? '  
  
'Cause suicide is painless  
It brings on many changes  
And I can take or leave it if I please  
  
... And you can do the same thing if you please.

Who can know  
The thoughts of Mary Jane  
Why she flies  
Or goes out in the rain  
Where she's been  
And who she's seen  
In her journey to the stars  
  
Who can know  
The reason for her smile  
What are her dreams  
When they've journeyed for a mile  
The way she sings  
And her brightly colured rings  
Make her princess of the sky  
  
Who can know  
What happens in her mind  
Did she come  
From a strange world  
And leave her mind behind  
Her long lost sighs  
And her brightly coloured eyes  
Tell her story to the wind  
  
Who can know  
The thoughts of Mary Jane  
Why she flies  
Or goes out in the rain  
Where she's been  
And who she's seen  
In her journey to the stars

Time has told me  
You're a rare, rare find  
A troubled cure  
For a troubled mind.  
  
And time has told me  
Not to ask for more  
Someday our ocean  
Will find its shore.  
  
So I'll leave the ways that are making me be  
What I really don't want to be  
Leave the ways that are making me love  
What I really don't want to love.  
  
Time has told me  
You came with the dawn  
A soul with no footprint  
A rose with no thorn.  
  
Your tears they tell me  
There's really no way  
Of ending your troubles  
With things you can say  
  
And time will tell you  
To stay by my side  
To keep on trying  
'Til there's no more to hide  
  
So leave the ways that are making you be  
What you really don't want to be  
Leave the ways that are making you love  
What you really don't want to love.  
  
Time has told me  
You're a rare, rare find  
A troubled cure  
For a troubled mind.  
  
And time has told me  
Not to ask for more  
Someday our ocean  
Will find its shore.

Summer was gone and the heat died down  
And Autumn reached for her golden crown  
I looked behind as I heard a sigh  
But this was the time of no reply.  
  
The sun went down and the crowd went home  
I was left by the roadside all alone  
I turned to speak as they went by  
But this was the time of no reply.  
  
The time of no reply is calling me to stay  
There is no hello and no goodbye  
To leave there is no way.  
  
The trees on the hill had nothing to say  
They would keep their dreams till another day  
So they stood and thought and wondered why  
For this was the time of no reply.  
  
Time goes by from year to year  
And no one asks why I am standing here  
But I have my answer as I look to the sky  
This is the time of no reply.  
  
The time of no reply is calling me to stay  
There's no hello and no goodbye  
To leave there is no way  
  
Summer was gone and the heat died down  
And Autumn reached for her golden crown  
I looked behind as I heard a sigh  
But this was the time of no reply.

You have never tried  
To conceal or deny  
That this love is my ruin  
My peril and trial  
All of the promises were nothing but lies  
But now that you're here  
Why don't you stay for a while  
  
Most of my friends  
Fell under your spell  
Some fell into heaven  
But most fell back in to hell  
The beauty forgotten  
Like the snow-covered crops in the field  
Where the wind knows no mercy  
And she howls and she reels  
  
But I'm tired of pretending  
Yes I'm tired of pretending  
That I still care  
I still care  
  
And the smoke curls like a river  
To some forgotten land  
Floating abandoned the mystery concealed  
Like the moonlit shadows  
On a snow-covered field  
Where the wind knows no mercy  
And she howls  
And she reels  
  
But I'm tired of pretending  
Yes I'm tired of pretending  
That I still care  
I still care

In the bright red sky  
In the heat of an evening  
When only prisoners sleep  
She said she couldn't  
Come to the garden  
See an old man wheel  
  
She said her dreams  
What too far to be thought of  
As scars too white to view  
She said she couldn't  
Come to the garden  
See a blind man kneel  
  
She sailed away  
To a blue horizon  
In floating thoughts she'd sway  
She said she couldn't  
Come to the garden  
See an old man pray  
  
She wished them luck  
As they left on their journey  
Maybe she'd join them soon  
But she lost her grip  
At the tip of life's finger  
Went home and worshiped the moon

If today were not an endless highway  
If tonight were not a crooked trail  
If tomorrow weren't such a long time  
Then lonesome would mean nothing to me at all  
And only if my own true love were waiting for me  
And if I could hear her heart softly pounding  
If only she was lying by me  
Then I'd lie in my bed once again  
I can't see my reflection in the water  
Can't speak the sounds that show no pain  
I can't hear the echo of my footsteps  
Can't remember the sound of my own name  
And only if my own true love were waiting for me  
And if I could hear he heart softly pounding  
If only she was lying by me  
Then I'd lie in my bed once again  
There's beauty in the silver, singing river  
There's beauty in the sunrise in the sky  
None of these and nothing else can touch the beauty  
That I remember in my true love's eyes  
And only if my own true love were waiting for me  
And if I could hear he heart softly pounding  
If only she was lying by me  
And she could lie in my bed once again  

This day is the day that we rise or we fall  
This night is night that we win or lose all  
This time is the time that we wait for awhile  
This year is the year that we wait with a smile  
If you call, we will follow  
If you show us we can tow the line  
And now that you're here you can show me the way  
And now that you're here we can try make it pay  
And while you were gone it was hard, it was cold  
While you were gone we were time, we were old  
If you call we will follow  
If you show us we can tow the line  
If you call we will follow  
If you show us we can tow the line  

It's so easy to fall in love with you  
I know I did for a day or two  
You never noticed lost in your crowd  
Just no room for me up on that cloud  
  
Can't find no changes  
For better in my luck  
Empty are my eyes and my heart  
Cold grey days  
The nights are so long  
My heart is sinking  
Bound to a stone  
  
This old world is a bag of tricks  
A whole lot of nothin'  
Where nothin' ever fits  
In all her glory she just don't compare  
To one single tear  
In your beautiful eyes  
  
Thank you December  
For your cold grey air  
Lakes are frozen, trees are bare  
I once loved her  
Of that I am proud  
Just no room for me  
Up on that cloud

Voice from the mountain  
And a voice from the sea  
Voice in my neighborhood  
And a voice calling me.  
Tell me my friend my friend  
Tell me with love  
Where can it end it end, this  
Voice from above.  
  
The sound on the ocean wave  
And the sound in the tree  
Sound in a country lane  
Say you can be free.  
Tell me you crowd you crowd  
Tell me again  
Tell me out loud out loud  
This sound is rain.  
  
Tune from the hillside  
And tune full of light  
A flute in the morning  
And a chime in the night.  
I know the game again  
I know the score  
I know my name my name  
But this tune is more.  
  
Voice from the mountain  
And voice from the sea  
Voice from my neighborhood  
And a voice calling me.  
Tell me my friend my friend  
Tell me with love  
Where can it end it end, this  
Voice from above.

